When will the new Nomads be available.  Dagger's website has no mention or description of the new large beyond the video that emerged in late summer.  I'm hearing nothing but crickets from Dagger.  Throw me a bone, man.  I want that boat!
Todd Wells getting all sorts of crazy on Summit Falls
Freestylin' it up on $ummit Creek. Shot by fellow homie Galen Volckhausen. 

#StrayFromTheBeatenPath

Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research Astral Watershed Drybags Goal Zero KAVU tentree
Actually New Zealand not Iceland but rad fun all the same! GoPro Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Fugoo NZ Yakima AU/NZ
New Zealand's big waterfall with Ben Brown ! http://win.gs/1QXoaUT
Here's a little something to inspire your dreams for 2016, and give you a little taste of what's to come in our feature film that is dropping this spring! Enjoy three minutes of the epic Fossa River in Iceland with paddlers Eric Parker Photography, Aniol Serrasolses and Mountain Mind Collective producer/paddler Todd Wells. Then check out the tour lineup to see when our film, "For The Love" will be playing near you! 
#ForTheLoveTour

We're glad MMC producer/paddler Brendan Wells could still get behind the camera despite his back injury on this leg of the journey. And huge thanks to Dagger Kayaks, Adventure Technology Paddles, Immersion Research and everyone else who was helped make this film possible! 

Feel free to let us know your recommendation for sweet venues in your nearest city! 
April 22nd – Missoula, MT
April 23rd – Bozeman, MT
April 26th – Ottawa, ON
April 27th – Washington DC
April 28th – Charlotte, NC
April 29th – Ashville, NC
April 30th – Atlanta, GA
May 1st – Chattanooga, TN
May 4th – Denver, CO
May 5th – Jackson Hole, WY
May 6th – Sun Valley, ID
May 7th – Boise, ID
May 12th – Whistler, BC
May 13th – Vancouver, BC
May 14th – Bellingham, WA
May 16th – Seattle, WA
May 17th – Eugene, OR
May 18th – Arcata, CA
May 20th – Portland, OR
May 21st - Hood River, OR
Happy New Years Everyone... We are very excited for tomorrow!

The Raffle & Silent Auction is ready for tomorrow. Along with the local microbrew's Porter (which is free). Items included are listed below. First 5 tickets will be free, additional tickets are 5 for $5 or 15 for $10. The winners will be announced at 2:30 pm during the Merrimack Valley Paddlers feast at the Unitarian Church. 

Raffle: 
       Perception Kayaks Pirouette Super Sport Kayak.
       $375 Gift Certificate towards any Mitchell Paddles, Inc. paddle. 
       $200 Gift Certificate through NH Kayak Center for any Jackson Kayak boat.
       Free One on One Kayak Lessons with Outdoor New England. There will be 1 winner for the following three courses: learn to roll, novice river running, introduction to freestyle. All courses can be tailored to individual. All gear included. 
        Last but not least Adam Attarian's Jug!

Silent Auction: 
       Dagger Kayaks Prescription 6.7, starting bid is $275
       Pyranha Kayaks i3, starting bid is $150. 
       Wave Sport Ace, starting bid is $100. 

#bigthingscoming #getoutsidenewengland #getoutside #getoutsidenh #gonh #outside #outdoors #newengland #newhampshire #nh #revitalization #community #sustainability #permaculture
On New Years Day, Outdoor New England will have its first open house from 10-2 at 376 Central St.

Reasons to come... FREE (yes free) Raffle for a new Mitchell Paddles, Inc. Paddle, a Retro Kayak and lessons. A silent auction. Free beer (for those of age) from a new Franklin Microbrewery. And renderings of the City's Revitalization Program.

Thanks to MVP, the raffle drawing will be done at the Church at 2:30.

Please help get the word out.

#bigthingscoming #getoutsidenewengland #getoutside #getoutsidenh #gonh #outside #outdoors #newengland #newhampshire #nh #revitalization #community #sustainability #permaculture
Hi :) What White water kayak would you suggest for a beginner like myself ? My Weight is 87-kg and I will be using it around the North and South Island of New Zealand ? Thanks heaps :) Brendon
A cool rapid on the Papallacta. Sad that this river among many more in Ecuador will be without water soon. #RunItWhileYaCan

Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research Astral Goal Zero KAVU tentree Watershed Drybags
Hi there... I need to contact dagger kayak... Can please anyone give me an email address please??
Dagger Kayaks voted as best rated for whitewater kayaking!
In order to go white water kayaking, you need five items of essential gear: kayak, paddle, helmet, personal flotation device (PFD), and a sprayskirt. In colder water or certain weather conditions, you’ll also need insulating layers.
I'm hoping this message will get to the right person.or pass this on. The Transport care of the kayak please please wrap to protect my new boat. 1st Stratos was damaged by carrier. Please protect the 2nd as I miss being in the water, I put my boat on consignment with my local shop, to help pay for this Stratos, today the Stratos came in. Damaged. Today my kayak that I gave to the shop to sell, sold.
I'm hoping this message will get to the right person.or pass this on. The Transport care of the kayak please please wrap to protect my new boat. 1st Stratos was damaged by carrier. Please protect the 2nd as I miss being in the water, I put my boat on consignment with my local shop, to help pay for this Stratos, today the Stratos came in. Damaged. Today my kayak that I gave to the shop to sell, sold.
My 3 - 15' dagger kayaks. A wonderful stable ride, glides thru the water like a hot knife thru butter..... love My Dagger
Here's a little taster of what you're voting for... If you like what you see please head over to http://www.kayaksession.com/short-film-2015-voting/ and give my short GoPro film 'Iceland, Waterfall Mecca' a vote in the Kayak Session Magazine Short Film of the Year Awards. Thanks! 

Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Enjoying this 3 days paddling on the rio Maipo with high water. I can not believe this river is going to disappear... #noaltomaipo #rioslibres 
Palm Equipment Double Dutch Paddles Dagger Kayaks
Hi Guys, my short film 'Iceland, Waterfall Mecca' has made the Top 10 finalists in this years Kayak Session Magazine Short Film of the Year Awards. I would be super stoked if you could take a moment to vote for it here, voting is open for one week only. Thanks team!!! 

Red Bulll GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Fugoo NZ Yakima AU/NZ
Dagger ambassador Liam Fournier spelunking in the new Nomad prototype
Tunnel Waterfalling its a thing now get after it !!!
Wearing your life jacket while boating has no special season or holiday, it's a year-round, life-saving practice. With cold-weather boating happening in many locales, those wearing a life jacket when exposed to cold water and cold-water shock have life-saving advantages such as insulation from the cold, buoyancy and reduced risk of aspiration of water. In addition, with new boaters anxiously venturing into holiday-time waters with kayaks and canoes received as gifts, everyone needs to "Keep It Merry and Wear It." --including Santa!
Hello all those at Dagger Kayaks! We thought that you might be interested in our most recent post! Between the 100 ft waterfalls and plunging canyons, Johnston Canyon makes for an awesome whitewater trip. Our new blog post and video by Sam Dickie is sure to get your adrenaline pumping!

http://bit.ly/1NXitqZ
Johnson Canyon is a big tourist attraction, located along the Bow Valley Parkway in Banff National Park. The canyon is filled with perfect 20 – 100 foot waterfalls which makes it a perfect lo…
How long will we have to wait before the full specs of the new Nomads are released? I need to start looking into a new boat for spring.
Ever wanted to learn how to run a waterfall? Dagger ambassador Quinn Connell shows you how!
Quinn sets his bow angle in Mexico. Photo by David Spiegel. Bow Angle By Quinn Connell One of the most fundamental crossovers between playboating and creek
Chris charging the big one first. Always good to see someone go first. Kokatat Snap Dragon Dagger Kayaks
Whitewater Wednesday.  Team paddler Sam Sam P Grafton has a ROWDY line on Tumwater, just a few miles from the Werner Paddles headquarters.  Waters high out in the Pacific NW, wishing everyone safe lines.  Dagger Kayaks #WhitewaterKayaking
We've had such a great year with our friends at Dagger Kayaks. They've raised money for First Descents, sponsored a participant by donating a brand-new kayak, and so much more. We are thankful for their support of our mission, and helping us to get more young adults out there, and #OutLivingIt!
Splitwheel into Lunar Orbit into MC Nasty combo in slow motion.
Dagger Kayaks
Paddler Palm
Palm Equipment
Sony Mobile PL
G'power Paddles

#graz #Austria #kayaksession #kajak #kayak #freestyle #daggerkayaks #Dagger #gpower #paddle #palmequipment #sony #sonymobilepl #Ican #xperia #tomek #Czaplicki #szkołakajakowa #kayakschool #czaplickifun
Shout out to our friend Peter Ely for throwing down this SICK video of his 2015 highlights! Keep charging!
It was an amazing year and I had so much footage piled up that I couldn't put all of it in one video. So there is a lot of left over, oh well! But so good!…
dagger dancing sunset s branch
Check out this awesome article by By Haley Wisniewsk from Point Park College, on Paddle Without Pollution Founder, Melissa Rohm, and her relentless pursuit and dedicated work to clear our waterways from illegally dumped trash and debris. Inspiring story for women paddlers and women conservationist everywhere.

http://www.pointclickpgh.com/paddle-without-pollution-co-founder-inspires-safe-ways-to-clean-the-waters/
Paddle Without Pollution Co-founder Finds Safe Ways to Clean the Waters November 30, 2015 by Haley Wisniewski Leave a Comment By Haley Wisniewski Melissa Rohm sits in her kayak filled with litter she picked out of the water near Allegheny Islands State Park in Cheswick, PA.  Photo provided by Paddle…
Dagger ambassador Edward Muggridge going HUGE at Cascada Truchas in the large #Newmad. This was Edward's first good-sized rapid since breaking his arm #vengavamos
Lighting the fire here on day 1 in Mexico.. 8 of the boys rapped in to Truchas today and it was SICK! check out these 2 Edward Muggridge and Knox Hammack taking us through the day! YEWWWWWWWWWWWWW ! #KeepItRealPart2

Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles Werner Paddles Immersion Research VOKE TAB Astral Whitewater Ultimate Ears Tribe Rider #LE8 #Greenjacket #powerhouse #geronimo #7Figure #Royale #Hiyaks #Nomad9 #Newmad #Truchas #Mexico #Stoked #FIREISLIT
Happy #witewaterwednsday everyone. Check out this awesome run in a Dagger Kayaks Mamba propelled by a Werner Paddles Sho-gun bent shaft!
Looking for a great organization to support on #GivingTuesday? Check out our friends at First Descents! This incredible program puts young cancer survivors and fighters into kayaks to help them grow past their diagnosis and #outliveit
Even after Ben Marr got the #FirstD back in 2013, the legendary #SiteZed of the Grand Canyon of the Stikine stands out as one of the most difficult and dangerous rapids in the world. Check out this AWESOME video!
The Stikine for years has been considered the pinnacle of big volume expedition kayaking, however for years the Site Zed rapids remained un-run. Now years later…
Hecharle un vistazo a este video que edito  Ryan F Lucas de nuestras aventuras en peru !! Paddler Palm  Aleix Salvat Cuevas Palm Equipment Double Dutch Paddles Dagger Kayaks Milyun Clothes
Sean Morely taking the new Dagger Stratos out for a little rip! 
#openwater #rockgarden #Stratos
We took the new dagger Stratos out for a test paddle under the Golden Gate Bridge to the Marin Headlands. A mellow day but the boat handles superbly and I am...
Expand and Extend!

So happy on how this turned out!!

Share the experience!

Thanks to Planet Canoe for all the support!

Also special thanks to:: 
Immersion Research
NRS
Dr. Simi Fans
Dagger Kayaks

and la chica Crista Wiles 

Check it out!!! 

https://vimeo.com/146524856
dagger cruising rancocas creek, n. branch, rancocas state park.  obliged.
One of the many things we're #thankful for is First Descents! FD does an amazing job of getting young cancer survivors and fighters on the water to discover just how to be #outlivingit

Check out this video of FD camper Erica, and what kayaking meant for her after her diagnosis
As part of the partnership between Dagger and First Descents, First Descents solicited meaningful essays from previous campers about how kayaking had changed...
Team Dagger's Anna Levesque on what motivates her, and why she loves to kayak!
Anna Levesque is a world reknown kayaker and instructor, and a leader in the female kayaking community. We're so proud to have her on Team Dagger!
Anna Levesque is so cool! She's a Dagger Kayaks & BIC SUP pro and founder of Girl's at Play - https://youtu.be/wlGheBsj3FA
Just purchased a Dagger Katana 10.4 from REI here in Michigan and I wanted to put a sticker on my vehicles, any way I can convince you to send me a couple of stickers??
Early summer in New Zealand with Dagger Kayaks's Ben Brown! #kayak #kayaking
Nice one Ben hope your loving the Boat Fergs Kayaks Wellington has one more Dagger green boat for sale in Dagger Kayaks Green. If you want to go as fast as Ben it's what you'll need.
Pequeño edit remando mis primeros saltos en caracautin (chile) con buenos amigos Paddler Palm  Aleix Salvat Cuevas Ryan F Lucas Gerd Serrasolses Albert Aixas Jared Seiler  J Wes Dixon Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Double Dutch Paddles Milyun Clothes  Rivers Lakes & Oceans Ian Garcia
I love my jitsu more and more every single time I'm on the water.
Wizard's Eye in Madagascar, river running, incredible wingsuit flying. With Tyler Bradt & crew.  NRS Dagger Kayaks KAVU
Our friends at Unsponsored with a great interview of Dagger athlete Anna Levesque! Get to know more about Anna!
Our Iceland video is part of the Kayak Session Magazine Short Film of the Year Awards - check it out! Shot 100% on GoPro 

Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley Fugoo NZ
Muskoka Kayak School really like their Axiom 6.9s :) 

But, why not advertise them more? It really is a superb kayak for introducing children to kayaking - and we NEED more children in the sport! Come on Dagger tell the world about the awesome 6.9!
Sweet The Green Race recap from Dagger Kayaks paddler Gareth Tate and friends.
Team Dagger's Gareth Tate put this SICK edit together of people going fast and taking chances at The Green Race! Check it out, and congrats to everyone who makes the Green Race what it is! #whatsyourexcuse
More info and results here! greenrace.amongstit.com Full race coverage from the 20th anniversary Green River Narrows Race. Produced by: Gareth Tate Video…
It was great getting a fall lap in on my favorite river

Dagger Kayaks
Five Ten
KAVU
Werner Paddles
Fine tuning and dialing things in at the new shop at 14-16 Washington st. Yakima Racks Klean Kanteen Pau Hana Surf Supply Bison Coolers Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles Astral Wilderness Systems Fishing Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles
SO MUCH STOKE from The Green Race! Some Dagger results:

Adriene Levknecht - 1st in Women's long and short (new course record!)
Geoff Calhoun - 3rd in Men's long boat, 3rd in hand paddles
Hunter Cooper - 3rd in Men's short boat
Emily Shanblatt - 3rd in Women's long boat
Chris Gragtmans - 3rd in Iron Man

We're so proud of all our athletes, and everyone who competed in the Greatest Show in Sports! (Great photo of Adriene by Clay Landrum)
Congrats to First Descents & Dagger Kayaks' Adriene Levknecht on her record setting run at The Green Race! #kayak #whitewater
The The Green Race is going down today....  looking forward to the results! NRS Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles American Canoe Association  https://www.facebook.com/thegreenrivernarrowsrace/
Super stoked to give away this custom Green Boat last night. In just a few short hours, we'll be going fast and taking chances at The Green Race!
Photo of the Day: Dagger Kayaks team kayaker Galen Volckhausen in Iceland by Camp4 Collective
Whitewater Wednesday.  Just 3 more practice days till The Green Race.  Always a threat to win, Dagger Kayaks and Werner athlete Chris Gragtmans is armed with his new Odachi and ready to make a run at the "Grafe Glass" prize for First place.  Who do you want to see win come Saturday at High Noon?  #OdachiGreenRace #GreenRace #WhitewaterRace
STOKED the rain is finally here! 4ft LDUB lap today was off the chain. Unfortunately I forgot how to eardip and boof and hold on to my paddle... Gonna try that one again tomorrow! 
Dagger Kayaks//Adventure Technology Paddles//Smith Optics//Immersion Research
Max Karlsson trying to lose his lunch with a RIDICULOUS combo
Hold onto your cookies. Hit the spin cycle with rising freestyle star Max Karlsson. 

Watch More:  http://candk.me/t8S0PL
Local kayaker Adriene Levknecht reminds us to always remember why you started kayaking.  Happy Friday Sunrifters!  YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!  Dagger Kayaks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1QZn1-3eUs
i love the jitsu
Tyler Bradt going big in Madagascar on the Wizard's Eye expedition
Tyler Bradt firing off Heaven and Hell on Madagascar's Ikopa River.

Watch the first episode charting the Wizard's Eye leg to the 'Great Red Island' http://candk.me/Qy8hY7
We're so stoked on our BEST CUSTOM BOAT YET!

Don't miss The Green Race Pre-Party on Thursday, November 5th at Highland Brewing Company in Asheville, NC! We'll be raffling off this bad boy to raise money for the Green River Access Fund What's your excuse?

#gofasttakechances #bestcustomboatever #whatsyourexcuse
Tyler Bradt teeing up some Indo magic in the surf kayak. Leg Three, Part One took the expedition through Indonesia and across the Indian Ocean to the Seychelles. Part Two the expedition continues to escalate as the Wizard's Eye drops South. Releasing in conjunction with Canoe & Kayak Magazine, Wednesday Oct 28th!  NRS Goal Zero Dagger Kayaks VOKE TAB Adventure Technology Paddles GoPro #Winning
Our friends from Quebec Connection going fast and taking chances, getting ready for The Green Race!
The boys following each other in the PotHole rapid on the Neilson river at lower water yesterday. #GreenRaceTraining

Les boys dans le rapide de la Souricière hier sur la rivière Neilson à 1.5

Shot | Emrick Blanchette

Vallée Bras-du-Nord Zec Batiscan-Neilson Dagger Kayaks Kayak Detail
The boys following each other in the PotHole rapid on the Neilson river at lower water yesterday. #GreenRaceTraining

Les boys dans le rapide de la Souricière hier sur la rivière Neilson à 1.5

Shot | Emrick Blanchette

Vallée Bras-du-Nord Zec Batiscan-Neilson Dagger Kayaks Kayak Detail
Staff member David Smith going old school with a shudder rudder in his Dagger Kayaks custom Axiom. Photo: Simon Reed
Here's the final instalment from myself and Anton Immler's epic adventure around Iceland. Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb  Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
RedBull.com Adventure put together a rad edit of our Icelandic road trip! Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment  Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb Fugoo NZ Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Anton Immler
Check out this AMAZING video of Adriene Levknecht, and learn why it took failure for her to remember why she loves kayaking. We're so proud of Lil A! #youarebeautiful #charge #rememberwhyyoulovekayaking
Team Dagger's Adriene Levknecht is the greatest female kayaker in the world, but it took failure on the biggest stage for Adriene to remember what her love f...
Our friend Tyler Bradt tackles Minus Rapids on the Zambezi River in a borrowed boat! Wizard's Eye Dagger Kayaks KAVU NRS
Congratulations to all the King of New York participants, including Adam Freeman, who won a brand new Green Boat! 
#gofasttakechances #lilrip
I love kayaking. 
The passion I have for the sport makes me believe that is not enough just to run the "shit". For me is as important to share kayaking as well as raise the awareness of the people to preserve the rivers. 
I am so happy to be heading back to Colombia to run a project of expanding kayaking and preserving the environment. Can't wait to see how it will turn out!!  

Me encanta kayakear!! 
La pasion que tengo por el deporte me hace creer que no es suficiente solo correr los mejores rios y los mas fuertes, sino compartir y hacer  mas grande el deporte del kayak como tambien crear mas conciencia en la conservacion de los rios.
No podria estar mas contenta de regresar a San Gil para hacer un proyecto de expandir kayak y el cuidado del medio ambiente! 

Thanks for your help!'
Immersion Research
NRS
Dagger Kayaks
Dr. Simi Fans
Aventurec
Próxima parada Perú !! Empieza la aventura gracias por cuidarnos tan bien en Madrid :) Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Double Dutch Paddles Milyun Clothes Pallars Riders
This weekend is Whitewater King of New York's Moose River Festival!

Come on out to Old Forge, NY to race the Bottom Moose and party with Team Dagger!
#fallcolors at the #mooseriver 

#moosefest #kingofnewyorktraining #newmoon #wernerpaddles #odachi #daggerkayaks #driprings #demshitz #w2ny #taylurking
Dagger Kayaks'  Tomasz Czaplicki Freestyle Kayaker ride on baby wave that won him the 2015 #EuroCup. #kayak #freestyle
Congrats to Chris Hipgrave and Adriene Levknecht for smoking the competition at the Ocoee Race. Adriene would have finished 7th in the men's division [cough] ahead of Chris Gragtmans [cough]
Team Dagger and friends were out at the 2015 Ocoee race in force. Chris Hipgrave took first place in Elite Men's Longboat and second in short boat. But the big winner of the day was Team Dagger's Adriene Levknecht, who not only smoked the competition in Elite Women's Longboat, her 29:30 was faster t…
Tomasz Czaplicki with no regard for human life in this ridiculous display of freestyle kayaking! This ride won him the Euro Cup for 2015
That's my final run from Euro Cup final event in Jelenia Góra. 
 not bad :) I'm still working with my combo moves. 

To jest mój ostatni, finałowy przejazd finałowych zawodów Pucharu Europy we Freestyle'u Kajakowym, które odbyły się w Jeleniej Górze. Cieszę się, że własnie w moim rodzinnym mieście postawiłem kropkę nad i, i zdobyłem Puchar Europy.
Hi there.  The rear bulkhead in my Dagger Axis 12, which I bought just this summer, has come unsealed.  The gray caulking that attached it to the boat hull is detached.  Water now flows freely below the bulkhead to the dry compartment.  How do you recommend I reseal the bulkhead?
The Dagger Green Boat. Go Fast. Take Chances. Win Races.

http://www.dagger.com/green-boat

Awesome picture from Sarah Ruhlen!
Look at that smile!  My son kayaking for the first time in one of your kayaks. He was camping with his Boy Scout troop.
New Dagger Kayaks colors are pretty hot.
You like new colors? We got new colors!
We are stoked to announce that we have some brand new colors for you, available immediately!  Blaze (orange/white/blue) will be available on all Axioms, Jitsus, Mambas, new Nomads, and Katanas Aurora (magenta/blue/gray) will be available on all Axioms, Jitsus, Mambas, new Nomads, and Katanas Photon…
Our National Technical Director Ben Lawry going HUGE in his Stratos. Whoever said sea kayaking needs to be boring never told us

#Stratos
Surfing isn't just for boards, Ben Lawry goes bow up at Presque Isle, Lake Superior. #PureMichigan #PureYooper #yooper #lakesuperior #dagger #seakayak #seakayaking #lakesuperior #unsaltedlifestyle #unsalted #downwindsports #marquette #presqueisle
My Feather River Fest  race lap from the other weekend. I placed 2nd behind Pruett as well as missed a mandatory middle line. I think the round about way I took was longer anyway. Great event and banging party cant wait for next year!
Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles NRS
Here's the final instalment from myself and Anton Immler's epic adventure around Iceland. Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb  Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
Team Dagger's Malcolm Smith, shredding the Ocoee in his Axiom 6.9. Unlike other kid-sized boats, the Axiom 6.9 has forgiving yet usable chines, to teach edge control and let kids who haven't fully developed carry more speed into eddy turns, peel outs, and ferries.

Go Malcolm Go!
Malcolm, paddles the Ocoee River. Dagger Kayak, kids kayak, Tennessee, Jim Snyder, big water.
Congrats to Sickline Queen & Dagger Kayaks superstar Martina Wegman! #whitewater #kayaking https://instagram.com/p/8S8EeUk49B/
Running the Falls on the Reedy River in Greenville SC 




Congrats to Dagger Athlete Martina Wegman on her top prelims time at Sickline World Championships!  

It's going to be quite the show tomorrow...

http://www.kayaksession.com/gerd-serrasolses-and-martina-wegman-win-prelims-2015-sickline-prelims-full-results/
Check the 2015 Sickline Prelims Full Results, Women (Top 8 women advance to finals), Men (Top 48 advance to Semi Finals)
Thanks to Dagger Kayaks and Palm Equipment for making our custom Axioms. We can look extra stupid on the Dart this winter.
:) :) :)  The stoke is high!

#staysafe #joaquin #letsgokayaking
Trade Alert!
2015 Dagger Kayaks Roam 9.5 crossover kayak in perfect condition for only $689.00.
Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
Trade Alert!
2010 Dagger Kayaks Axis 12' in great condition for only $449.00.
Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
Después de 6 dias entrenando en Oetz (Austria) hoy porfin salió el sol!! Aquí os dejo un pequeño video entrenando en la salida del tramo de clasificación. Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Milyun Clothes Pallars Riders KAYAK SORT Dani Gallego Iker Carreto  Double Dutch Paddles Ian Salvat Cuevas Aleix Salvat Cuevas
Local boater Matt Godfrey enjoying blue skies in one of our favourite boats the Dagger Kayaks Axiom. 

Photo: Laura Tucker
Wizard's Eye sailing into Hout Bay, Western Cape, after rounding the Cape of Good Hope thus completing Leg Three!!! Thanks so much to all the people and amazing companies who have helped get us this far. NRS Smith Optics VOKE TAB Goal Zero Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles 
>>http://www.kavu.com/wizardseye.html<<
Mister Junior Kayaker ( 3Years young ) 
He was paddling for the first time with his Dagger Kayak and he looves it!
Here's a video to keep you up to date with the New Dagger Kayaks Nomad. Enjoy! 
#paddleexpo

http://youtu.be/M3O06UgfNJw
Dagger ambassador Emily Shanblatt taking advantage of recent rainfall to grab one of the crown jewels of the Southeast, Linville Gorge

Photo by Ben Blake
Kayak Review: Five reasons the Rapid staff love Dagger Kayaks' Katana.
Check out this awesome video from Dagger ambassador Brett Mayer!
Why do we go to the river? What does it mean to be wild? How do our relationships with mountains & rivers change over time? Winter to Spring tries to anwer
Had a sick weekend in Interior BC. Ran the Spillimachine, Tangiers and finally got to run Sutherland Falls. Huge crew of 15 people between 2 groups fired up this thing. Fired up on my line and stoked to get some more big drops this fall ! 

Kokatat Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles West Coast Lifestyle Aquabatics Calgary Nikki Rekman Sales
Could not be more happy on life. Wrist is feeling great and ran a waterfall I have missed out on flows for the last 4 years !!! High as deeks Sutherland with the sickest crew I could have asked for !! Video to come 

Sea to Sky Whitewater Dagger Kayaks Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Kokatat Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Team Dagger's Tomasz Czaplicki going HUGE in Prague!
Some Space-Phonixes from Prague :)
Big thanks to everyone who entered the raffle at Gauley Fest this year! We were able to raise over $3500 for  American Whitewater and one lucky participant went home with this sweet new ride!
Whitewater park, Bend OR, nice product placement, thx!
We made it al the way to Nuremberg, at Paddleexpo, mainly to see this new baby from Dagger Kayaks... The completely new Nomad!!!!! Keeping it up with a legendary past, the future is all yours!!! #nomad #paddleexpo
Dagger Kayaks Jitsu 5.9

Used once!
Dagger Kayaks Mamba 7.5

Excellent condition! Used only on flat water. One previous owner. Comes with Skirtworks skirt!
Free T-Shirt to the first person who guesses what this is and where it's going
Every store ive been in and online shops do not have axiom 8.5s. Anyone have any suggestions or know when the new model is releasing?
Fall Swap starts tomorrow!  We've got boats from Fluid Kayaks, Wave Sport (some brand new, hugely discounted), Jackson Kayak, Dagger Kayaks and more! We are even selling some of our SUPs from NRS and Hala Gear! Also, tons of gear, and even a raft and some rafting gear, so be sure to stop down!
Ben Brown KILLING IT in Iceland! Check out this incredible video!
Ben Brown and Anton Immler attack Iceland's most famous waterfall.
Here is part 2 from last months awesome road trip around Iceland with Anton Immler and Ryan Heron. It's always sweet to get back to Godafoss and enjoy one of my favourite waterfalls. GoPro  Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
VIVA MEXICO!!!! 

Feliz dia de la Independencia! Nada mejor que pasar el dia con la inaguracion del Campeonato del mundo!!!  

What a great way to start World Championships! 
Happy Independence day!!! MEXICO❤️

Aventurec
Immersion Research
NRS
Dagger Kayaks
DR.SIMI
Still counts as a swim!
On our 08:00 am Sanctuary Cruises whale tour, just outside the harbor in Moss Landing, two kayakers on a tandam kayak were almost crushed to death by a massi...
Really stoked to be giving a kayak away to one of the participants of a First Descents camp. Our friends at FD have really pulled out all the stops to help people #outlivingit
We are thrilled to announce our Whitewater Scholarship with Dagger Kayaks! If you're a First Descents alumnus we want you to submit an essay (500 words or less) along with some photos on why you want to pursue kayaking and what Out Living It means to you!

Submit your essay + photos by midnight Sept. 30th. FD staff will vote and the winner will walk away with a brand-new Dagger kayak! 

Submissions can be emailed to marketing@firstdescents.org

GOOD LUCK!
Edward Muggridge has been killing it in 2015! Check out this INSANE video!
Its all about getting out there and having the time of your life with all of your best friends in the most amazing places in the world.. So incredibly stoked on…
Broken Islands, British Colombia.
Photo: Joe Jackson
GoPro photo of the day from last weeks epic Athlete Camp. 

Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Red Bull ilabb Peugeot Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
Congrats to team manager Chris Gragtmans for tying the knot this weekend! #BestCakeEver #ACunit15
Some footage from out trip to Iceland. Great way to make the most of a Icelandic #mystopover Kokatat Dagger Kayaks Máté Márton Watershed Drybags Snap Dragon Sweet Protection Whitewater Jess Matheson Daan Jimmink

The Same Photo Of Bryan Cranston Every Day

samephotoofbryancranston@gmail.com
Stop by our Paddlefest booth at the  Humboldt Bay Aquatic Center going on right now! Enjoy some FREE kayaking on the bay and find some great deals on boats throughout the weekend at both stores! Jackson Kayak, Wilderness Systems Kayaks, Perception Kayaks, Dagger Kayaks
The Madras Fun Tools wrecking crew had good fun testing the new boats available now in India. This one especially, Dagger Kayaks Axiom, it's a sweet platform to improve dramatically your paddling technique, especially when you have the luck of driving it down the Malabar Express
Saturday, Sept 12, 2015 will be our final demo of the season! 
We'll be there rain or shine, with a large selection of kayaks and stand-up paddle (SUP) boards, from the top brands we carry like Wilderness Systems Kayaks, Native Watercraft, Dagger Kayaks, Perception Kayaks, Eddyline Kayaks, Hurricane Kayaks, Surftech USA, C4 Waterman. We even bring paddles to try from Werner Paddles, and Bending Branches as well as PFDs from Astral. 
This is your last chance to try out that kayak or SUP you've had your eye on all summer, so don't miss out! #finaldemo2015 #rainorshine #shopgetoutdoors
Friday's Finds includes lots of #RVA paddlers, from Dagger Kayaks and Ocean Kayak, plus some great stuff from Va Beach anglers with Hurricane Kayaks and Adventure On The Water. Check out all the great local content from Virginia!

#paddleva #kayakfishing #whitewaterkayaking
Love this course!! World Champs are almost here!! 

Buenisima pista, y muy buenos entrenamientos antes del mundial!

Immersion Research
Dagger Kayaks
NRS
Aventurec
DR.SIMI
My new Kayak Cribbage Board! !!!
Take a journey into the life of Dagger ambassador Cooper Sallade, as he lifestyles his way across BC #church
Follow young ripper Cooper Sallade as he travels around southwest British Colombia exploring its world class whitewater.
Watch as Pacific Northwest boater and Werner's home town Team rider, Sam Grafton, gets after it in Norway.  Got to love the beauty that surrounds some unreal whitewater in this amazing place.  Dagger Kayaks #Whitewaterkayaking #Bomberwhitewater
Here's part 1 of myself & Anton Immler's 3 part series following our adventure around Iceland - enjoy!

GoPro Peugeot Dagger Kayaks ilabb Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Ive been injured for quite some time recently.. in that time ive been able to put together an idea of mine in the form of a 2 part movie called "Keep It Real". It is about my goals for 2015 and the time i pend paddling around the world with all of my friends who share the same passion! 

take a look and give it a share if you can!!

https://vimeo.com/138833611

#KeepItReal

Dagger Kayaks Astral VOKE TAB Ultimate Ears Tribe Rider World Class Academy OKS Keeners
Dagger athlete Ben Brown just wrapped up an INSANE Iceland expedition. Check out the amazing footage!
Join Ben Brown and Anton Immler as they explore the waterfall mecca of Iceland. This 14 day circumnavigation of the island showcases the rugged beauty of the...
Inspiring story from First Descents camp participant and cancer survivor Michael Burek. Michael regained his confidence and strength through kayaking with Dagger athlete and First Descents lead staffer Adriene Levknecht. We are so proud of Michael, Adriene, and everyone at FD who make #outlivingit possible!
Cancer is lonely.  Young adults affected by cancer know this all too well.  One of the biggest contributors to feelings of loneliness for young adult survivors is the lack of belonging.  It can be hard not knowing if there are others out there like you, dealing with the unique challenges a cancer di…
Stoked to see Men's Journal run a story about some of the recent adventures! Red Bull GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
The only leg of the King of New York race series where you get two laps is the Eagle Race. Brad McMillan's video shows why... #rubbinisracin
Unfortunately, I didn't have the race I was hoping for at the Eagle this weekend.  Take a peek into my first run! Acton starts around 13 seconds. #KONY #beatersgonnabeat
#morethanjustashop. This winter we have named and made a group for our series of winter talks/movies and have some exciting names already lined up! Make sure to follow this The Winter Warmers group so you don't miss out on some fantastic weekday entertainment at your favourite kayak shop. Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Pyranha Kayaks Dewerstone Gene17Kayaking Kokatat System X Sweet Protection A Mind 4 Adventure The Quay Climbing Centre
Just threw together this edit of The Clear Fork of the Cowlitz River. Little bit of hiking but a lot of fun. Washington staple for sure and drop dead beautiful. 
Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles NRS Airborn Athleticshttps://vimeo.com/138425180
Still feeling fired up from Robe last week.  This rapid never gets old

Dagger Kayaks
Sweet Protection Whitewater
Five Ten
KAVU
Werner Paddles
Only a week left to enter my GoPro #hero4session giveaway! All you have to do is share this video using the hashtag #bbxgopro & make sure you like this page. Winner drawn September 14 - good luck! Red Bull Peugeot ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
I have a question ? I wonder if the crossfier series of Dagger is a good kayak?
https://vimeo.com/137802320

As I promised El Grande Rio Cotahuasi 2015 !!! Stoked with how this project came out. So many good times down in peru this past spring and this trip was definitely a highlight of my life. Such a great crew, river and country ! looking forward to going back some year soon ! 

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Here's a look at myself and Anton Immler's road trip around Iceland through the eyes of my friends over at RedBull.com Adventure. Buckle up and enjoy the highlight reel from our two week adventure in one of the most magical countries on the planet. Big thanks to Ryan Heron for the camerawork and Shams for the edit.

Red Bull GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles #GoPro
Sometimes, the ladies take over!  Feel free to tag yourself/friends...

(Photos- Chris Gragtmans)
Tomasz Czaplicki Freestyle Kayaker getting it done at the World Championships in Canada!  We're sending good vibes north to Team D and all Worlds competitors!

(Photo credit- 2015 ICF Canoe Freestyle World Championships)
Epic, stoked to see myself & Anton Immler's GoPro clip from our Iceland mission make the #GoPro Video of the Day! To celebrate I'm gonna giveaway a brand new #Hero4Session camera! All you have to do is like my page & share this video using #bbxgopro. Winner drawn on the 14th of September. (P.s make sure your post is public so I can see your entry).

Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Epic, stoked to see myself & Anton Immler's GoPro clip from our Iceland mission make the #GoPro Video of the Day! To celebrate I'm gonna giveaway a brand new #Hero4Session camera! All you have to do is like my page & share this video using #bbxgopro. Winner drawn on the 14th of September. (P.s make sure your post is public so I can see your entry).

Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
The women have taken charge! #GreenRiverTakeover #charge #youarebeautiful
I would like buy a Torrent 10.0. I live in the UK, is it possible you could send this item to me here? Thanks....
Lattest Dagger Kayaks have arrived Dagger Axiom's Nomads and Mamba's back in stock and going out the door fast.
Throwback Thursday to some Feet Out to the Takeout carnage on the Ocoee! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles
Here is our edit from the Payette river!Astral Werner Paddles Jackson Kayak Dagger Kayaks Wave Sport Sweet Protection Whitewater Whitewater Porn Kayak Session Magazine GoPro
All ready to go Dad.  Adventure Technology Paddles Dagger Kayaks
Here's a fun edit I shot with Red Bull after recovering from a full shoulder reconstruction. Was so good to get back in my boat & fly again! GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Dagger ambassador Billy Thibault from Quebec Connection getting after it on the Valin!
#splatthefreeworld #quebecconnection
First run with the Dagger Axiom 8.5 down the Valin River
That's first episode of "Gotuj z Czaplą na Freestyle'u" (Freestyle Cooking with Czapla). 

Oto zwiastun dawno zapowiadanego programu kulinarnego pod tytułem "Gotuj z Czaplą na Freestyle'u" 
Aby obejrzeć cały odcinek kliknij na link: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIFms0-QDCU

Paddler Palm
G'power Paddles
Dagger Kayaks
Sony Mobile PL
Palm Equipment
Pretty awesome picture from Evan Garcia. Get vertical!
#splatthefreeworld #axiom
My little brother Nate Garcia and I had a splatter-fest of epic proportions on the Gallatin last night. Simplicity reached vast levels!

Werner Paddles || Immersion Research || Sweet Protection Whitewater || Substantial Media House || GoPro - #hero4session
Check out what my journey has looked like coming into this huge event. I am so stoked to have this opportunity and to have all of you share it with me! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles Lole Women Shred Ready Zanti Power Yoga G-Form#outlivingit #ilovekayaking #roadtoworlds
The Takeover is back! Last year, we had 52 women come out to celebrate the life of Shannon Christy, and paddle the Green River together. This year, we're looking to go bigger!

Come join us this Saturday at 8:30 as we takeover the Green River! #womenincharge #youarebeautiful #gragtmansisabunny

Event info here: https://www.facebook.com/events/1610568569191866/
A powerful tableau of community, empowerment, and friendship forged within the male-dominated world of whitewater kayaking.
American Whitewater works hard to secure access for recreational opportunities like this one... it's up to you to choose the craft you feel best suited for it

#tryamambanexttime #shouldaboofedit #ouchtownpopulationyou

Photo by: Aaron Fleishman
In between training for Worlds, Adriene Levknecht has been getting her downriver freestyle on. #Axiom #SplatEverything #SplatTheFreeWorld
I was asking for names of '80's Dagger whitewater models, now I'm thinking it might be from the '70's. Black and siver, was not sculpted towards the bow, much longer than today's models. Any ideas?  I had mine stolen, and need to know the model to advertise for it's recovery.  Thanks for any ideas.
What are some names of models made in the '80's, whiterwater boats? Huge by toda'y's comparison..Black and Silver.
The latest from Tyler W Bradt and the Wizard's Eye crew as they push through Pirate territory in the Northern Indian Ocean. 

>>>>>https://vimeo.com/136668326<<<<<

#PirateWaters #GoPro #IndianOcean #Sailing #Adventure
Tyler Bradt KAVU NRS Goal Zero VOKE TAB Smith Optics Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles
Edward with the new nomad 9 styling Bailey's chute on the Clearwater river! Now heading to Terrace for more whitewater

Edward sur Bailey's chute avec le nouveau nomad 9'

Photo: Billy Thibault

Dagger Kayaks
Sofia Reinoso is a hard charging young kayaker from Mexico. Check out her highlight reel, running monster drops and laying treats! ¡Buenas líneas amiga!
Short edit of the past couple of years of my kayaking!! I love the sport and I want to keep pushing myself as hard as I can. Thanks to everyone who has support me!!!
Enjoying the sunny days in Bourg St. Maurice! 
Couldn't  get much better!!! Beautiful place, great friends and good slalom sessions!! 

No podia estar mejor que esto!! 
Buenos amigos, buenas lineas y un increible lugar!! 

Gracias por su apoyo: 
Immersion Research
Dagger Kayaks
NRS
Aventurec
DR.SIMI
Any chance some of the new Nomads might be at the Gore Canyon race to check out?
Sorry to bombard you with another iceberg photo but I came across this one on my GoPro card & thought it was pretty rad. Paddling around with these beasts is a good way to feel pretty small... Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles #gopro
Soaking up a magical place on the planet... Godafoss - Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
We are so proud of our friends at First Descents for continuing to offer programs that make cancer fighters and survivors' lives more enriched, so that we can all keep #outlivingit
What is an FDi?
Lion's Bay Slide in Vancouver, BC...site of many a kayak hijinks. Check out this video of people having entirely too much fun
http://www.TorchPaddles.com Huge thanks to our friends over at Torch Paddles for bringing TeamSuperTramp to British Columbia to make this video! Check them o...
The iceberg forest, Iceland. Such an epic place... GoPro #gopro Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles #hero4session
Hi Dagger Kayaks! I just took delivery of my new Dagger Roam 9.5! I'm in love. However, I am disappointed the the foot braces are not as advertized. I have watched every video that you guys have released. In every video the foot braces were nice and large with padding. A much higher quality than what I'm looking at now on my new Roam 9.5. Also, in a few of the reviews the higher quality foot braces were mentioned as a nice feature of this kayak. I have been to your web page, tried calling the # there and it seems this is the best way to communicate with you. So heads up to anyone looking to purchase a new Roam 9.5. The foot braces are small and not as nice as the ones you see advertized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M6mSw1M9v8

Super stoked to have hung out with the Devin Super Tramp team and slide around and have a good time at Lion's bay slide a couple weeks back ! These guys were pulling stunts I never thought possible on the infamous slide.

Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles Aquabatics Calgary Kokatat Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Check this edit out !
Geoff Calhoun boofing Pummel at Great Falls. Photo by Robert Waldron. #church #nomad #rainbow #whatdoesitmean?
Still dreaming of perfect Icelandic waterfalls... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles
Exploring a beautiful Icelandic gorge with the boys from Viking Rafting Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
I just bought a Katana 10.4 and am trying to set it up. It came with one page of extremely vague instructions. I have looked everywhere to try and find an owners manual that shows me where to put all the foam pads it came with. Help!
Dagger designer Snowy Robertson walks us through what to expect with the new nomad at outdoor retailer in Salt Lake City.

#nomad #thebestgetsbetter
Hey Dagger Kayaks, I was wondering if you guys are in New Zealand at all?
Large Dagger Kayaks Nomad coming right up! 9' long and 90+ gallons. Spank the monkey in this beast!!
Fun little creek in the north of Iceland with the Viking Rafting Iceland boys. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
A firm favourite for years. Who is excited about the new Dagger Kayaks Nomad? We are especially pleased too see it in three sizes.
Giant ice cubes in the mountains got a little high for our liking and juiced up our river a little too much. Packed up the bird and rigs to go explore the next mountain range... #forthelovetour #akfirstDs 
#strayfromthebeatenpath
#akprovides

Dagger Kayaks // Adventure Technology Paddles // Immersion Research // Smith Optics
My Dagger Halifax has a broken rudder. The steel pin that was fixed in the white teflon block has snapped off. Does anyone have a solution? I believe the part is no longer made. Ranald from Brisbane, Visit Queensland, Australia
Had an epic time exploring Iceland with the boys. Standby for a full edit coming from Red Bull soon but for now enjoy this GoPro highlight reel filmed with my #GoPro #Hero4Session.

Dagger Kayaks Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
Whoever said sea kayaking needed to be boring never told us.

We are proud to be bringing the Stratos to the North American market in 2015 The Stratos is a performance touring kayak like you've never seen before. #stratos #dropskeg #nextbigthing

Video produced by:
Gareth Tate
Robby Hogg 
Nicholas Urquhart
New for 2016 - the Dagger Kayaks Large Nomad. 9 feet long and over 90 gallons...more details to come soon...
Introducing...the NEW Dagger Kayaks Nomad "the greatest creeker ever made" reborn for 2016. Large  version projected to be available in January 2016. We will be taking early *orders in September as allowed. *Details and pricing TBA.
Den neuen Dagger Kayaks Nomad dann auch bei www.denk-outdoor.de. Anfragen und unverbindliche Vorbestellungen gerne per Mail.
Introducing...the NEW Nomad

The greatest creeker ever made just got better. More speed, more volume, optimized rocker...and three sizes. The Nomad is ready for whatever adventure you can dream up, no matter the size.

Video produced by Gareth Tate.

Footage contributions by:
Brendan Wells
Edward Muggridge
Paddlers:
Brendan Wells / Todd W Wells / Corey Boux / Liam Fournier / Gareth Tate / Tyler W Bradt
Tomasz Czaplicki getting down with the sickness in his carbon Jitsu. Tomasz is training for the 2015 ICF Freestyle Worlds in Canada, where he will be a strong contender!
This movie shows how I was paddling in The International Polish Cup in Freestyle Kayaking during Strawberry Kayak Games and during second stage of Euro Cup i...
Just started going through the GoPro #hero4session from the past few weeks in Iceland. Can't wait to share it with you guys, it's rad! Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
"Sick video" by Gareth Tate & Edward Muggridge in the Dagger Kayaks #Axiom #kayak
The rivers in Iceland are so epic that sometimes you need to stop & remind yourself to take in the beauty of the landscape... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Secrets secrets are no fun, secrets secrets hurt someone. If you are interested in learning more about this picture, check back tomorrow @10. #phantom? #thenextbigthing
Team Dagger made the  katana , and took crossover boats to another level  !   #dagger #katana #whitewater #crossover
We love our Dagger Kayaks Axioms! Come demo one today!
Super stoked to wake up to this rad birthday present from Gareth Tate. Gareth and I worked on a promotional video for Dagger a couple weeks back. This was my first full on film shoot and I learned a lot from it and had heaps of fun. 

The final Product is a rad 2 minute clip about how the Dagger Axiom can change your low water summer game ! 

Give a looksy !

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat West Coast Lifestyle Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales Aquabatics Calgary
In the summer, when the rivers get low, you have to get creative. The Dagger Axiom is the ultimate mix of river running and freestyle, a friendly, stable boat that can also surf, squirt, splat, and play with the best of them. Check out the Axiom as Liam Fournier gets creative in low-water British Columbia.

Video produced by Gareth Tate.

Arial footage:
Edward Muggridge
Liam Fouriner in the Axiom. 
Surf. Splat. Squirt. Play

Photo by Edward Muggridge
About to meet up with the rest of the crew for an epic adventure! #StrayFromTheBeatenPath

Adventure Technology Paddles Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research
More falling time in Iceland today... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotnz ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment OakleyYakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
I am trying to find out if Dagger still makes a kayak, I think it was called 'Kaos'?
I have been testing out the new dagger prototype the last couple weeks here in whistler and loving it !! learn more this coming tuesday !!!

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat West Coast Lifestyle Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales
Loving the new GoPro #Hero4Session! Here's a little fun I had with it in the far North of NZ just before I left. #GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
Thanks for sponsoring women's paddling events!
Just to clear up any doubt, Iceland is the promised land... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotnz ilabb Oakley Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Woke up early this morning to get my first lap on the ASHLU!! One of the best days of kayaking I have ever had! Hector and I sent 50/50 and it was AMAZING!!! #naturalhigh #ashlu #omg #shredwestcoast Astral Dagger Kayaks VOKE TAB Ultimate Ears
I have had a lot of people ask me how I get the photos I do off my GoPro. I put together this video showing Anton Immler & I trying to get an image of both of us running a drop in Iceland at the same time. For this image I had the camera set on time-lapse mode with a 0.5 sec interval, Pro tune on, GoPro colour, iso 400 and low sharpening. It's super fun getting these photos, go try it yourself! #GoPro #Hero4Session Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
The Upper Yough race yesterday was super fun and competitive! Got 33rd overall, and 3rd in juniors. Thanks to all the volunteers who made this event happen!

Dagger Kayaks / Adventure Technology Paddles / Sweet Protection Whitewater
Iceland continues to deliver, stoke is high! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb
Have you paddled a sit-on-top in whitewater?

We check out Dagger Kayaks' ROAM—find out why our tester loved this versatile boat.
Another day in waterfall paradise. Ullarfoss, Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
I'm a 65 yr old paddler that (in the early 90's) found your Outburst a huge improvement over Prijon's T-Bird. Still got the boat, any suggestions on installing a backband for an aging lower back ? This design is a classic !! :)
Anton Immler & I feeling the stoke below another epic Icelandic waterfall! GoPro #GoPro #Hero4Session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
I just took this great canoe on a 5 day trip. 

https://www.facebook.com/BarkerRiverTrips/posts/484804645022021:0
Since 1974, Barker River Trips has been running first class river adventures in Idaho, Washington and Oregon.
Trade Alert!!! 2015
Dagger Kayaks Jitsu 5.9 in excellent shape for $625.00. Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
The best view in Iceland! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
The Phantom prototype...or is it? 
#wonderwhatitis #staytuned
Geared up and ready to on a group outing! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles http://bit.ly/1Ip2JG0
Always fun chasing your bro down perfect Icelandic Waterfalls! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Getting blessed with my buddy Anton Immler at the 'Waterfall of the Gods' today 🙏 GoPro #GoPro #Hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
This is pretty amazing and a testament to Dagger Kayaks durability. Would you try this?
After running an awesome waterfall yesterday we kicked off today's adventures by exploring an iceberg forest on the south coast of Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Road tripping in Iceland with Anton Immler, good times being had. First drop of the trip in the can! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Road tripping in Iceland with Anton Immler, good times being had. First drop of the trip in the can! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Do not buy the roam unless the footpegs have been changed.  Third time paddling and right peg just fell off and the plastic rails feel cheap too.
We are very proud of Team Dagger manager Chris Gragtmans, who recently gave a TedTalk on failure. Take a listen to how failure has shaped Chris's career, for the better
As a professional kayaker it can be easy to hear about successes, but what about failures? Chris's talk centers around why failure is important to grow as a ...
Last chance to vote on the Canoe & Kayak Magazine P