There will be Open pool at Meyers Sunday 1-5.  See you there? 

pool closed tomorrow ? what the ...... ? and c"mon now- let GRS do the demo boats this year- last year was a joke.
Did you need some help with that roll?  There are 6 spots available in Sunday's Roll Tune Up Clinic... 

Hi all - newbie boater here. I'm looking for a Kayaker near Pueblo that could look at some used gear with me that I'm interested in buying from someone on Craig's List. Mostly wanting to avoid making a mistake while buying used. If you're in that area and could help me out, would you mind shooting me a message?  Thanks!!!
Kayak porn for the dark days of the solstice.
Watch all 6 episodes.
Enjoy

Some one buy my boat paddle and skirt
Only 15 left! Buy your 2016 Colorado Whitewater Calendar today.
I am grateful he survived this!  It may sound silly/weird but I have gotten into the habit of asking the river to keep me and my buddies safe and wise. It does seem very helpful... ask me about a roll I really probably needed to have that should not have worked but did :)
For those interested in paddling Shoshone on New Year's Day - an annual tradition.
Do you whitewater kayak, raft, stand-up paddle board, canoe, love being on the river... all of the above? This page is a place where you can easily connect with other boating enthusiasts to plan river trips, sell gear, and share photos, videos, articles and stories. Many people in this group are members of the club - Colorado Whitewater.
The Golden Games is seeking volunteers to help organize the event.  If interested,  please contact me at troy@thegoldengames.com and we'll go from there.
Does anyone out there have any space to store a 13 foot raft? It could fit on top of your 14 footer......... I am in desperate need for a spot in a garage or shed, otherwise our spare bedroom is going to become the raft room! Help me out whitewater peeps!!
Today is Colorado Gives Day, and as you think about supporting causes that have a meaningful impact, consider giving to American Whitewater's Colorado Program. Our rivers will directly benefit.
Colorado - Black Canyon (near Las Vegas)? Hi, I am checking with a outfitter (kayaklasvegas dot com) that provides rentals (canoes, sit-on-tops, sea kayaks, cooking gear...) and permits for the Black Canyon and will provide more details when I get them But for now checking interest: How about a 4 day trip last week or so in December (say from 12/27-12/30 if available)? Relaxing trip with warmer water, hot springs, and caves. Here's some info: (nice photos) blackcanyonwatertrail.org/black-canyon-river-trip/ and http://www.nps.gov/lake/planyourvisit/upload/BlackCanyon_handout.pdf. I am thinking too of doing some hiking/exploring in the area. This would be a no rush, relaxing trip. Again, I am getting more info -- any interest thus far? :)
If you volunteered with Colorado Whitewater this year you should have received an email yesterday with the details. Hope to see you there!
Released November 19, Colorado’s Water Plan marks a critical step forward for modern water management. 
 
After a sustained two-year campaign effort by conservation organizations and partners, the final plan now has a number of goals and actions that prioritize conservation and healthy rivers. For example, the plan:
- Sets the first-ever statewide water conservation savings goal—400,000 acre-feet by 2050—for cities and towns, thus prioritizing water conservation as never before;
- Helps rivers by proposing annual funding for stream management plans to assess, protect, and restore rivers across the state;
- Makes new, costly and controversial large trans-mountain diversions much less likely;
- Sets a goal to share at least 50,000 acre-feet of agricultural water using alternative transfer mechanisms instead of buy-and-dry;
- Defines “environmental resiliency” for the first time!

What else is cool?
30,000 Coloradans submitted public comments to the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB) with the majority generated by conservation groups calling for the community’s Essentials: a municipal conservation goal, funding for rivers, no large new transmountain diversions, more flexible ag water sharing, and stronger evaluation criteria for proposed projects.

For CW members that submitted comments on the Plan - Thank You!
We all have an opportunity now, to help implement the plan by supporting legislation that funds river conservation, helping the state understand the relationship between flows and world-class paddling, and to make sure the conservation and river-friendly goals and policies in the plan are realized.
The Plan is built around greater public participation, and is only as good as the input we all provide.
The new state water plan final draft is out.
I have next Wed-Fri off. Is there any water flowing more warmly than in this state? Say NM or AZ or ever farther away? It would be great to get out -- and I welcome company too :)
Does anyone have any recommendations for some good west slope class III runs (specifically within an hour or two of Durango)?
FS- 

2012 Jackson Villian S Earth
Sweet cheeks 
Great shape used less than 20 times. Pretty much sat in my garage as a backup boat. 
$600 obo
Anyone selling or willing to lend/rent a durable ducky?
Anyone run or know anything about the Parkdale to Canon City section of the Arkansas? My brother is coming into town and is interested.
*** Good to see this article *** I felt the pressure to move up. I remember folks asking if I wanted to join them on solid big water class 4 runs. I said "No" for many reasons, including because I didn't have a solid roll and I had some fears they would know nothing about. They still respected me.The closest I came to dying on the river was peer related (but no direct pressure), my thought "because they are doing it, I can too."  It is hard sometimes to stay heart-centered in the presence of peers. But it's so important. I ate dinner with two paddlers once. One was telling me how his peers brought him down the Ocoee River (class 3/4) early in his newbie year. The next I heard he died paddling in Nepal. The other paddler had a scary flip and swim in the class 3/4 Dryway-Deerfield and never that I know of returned to that river. She was smart I thought and strong. I will be forever class 3/4 or lower - but I have lots of fun; in a playboat now that has me feeling like a newbie. There’s no greater joy than being with good buddies and having a fun, safe run, playing the river,surfing ‘til I tire.
Tomorrow night is our Fall Dinner / Annual Meeting / Board of Directors Election. We have a great presentation by Landis Arnold on what it was like to be a paddler back in the days before every third Subaru had a 'yak on it, Some coolio raffle prizes including Ski tickets to Loveland, Throw Bags from Down River Equipment, an awesome Rab jacket (or two), and a Yeti soft side cooler donated by Stevenson Toyota. We're also having an Adult Beverage Pot Luck! Bring your own favorite adult beverages and please be sure to drink responsibly. Uber if you need to! Register for the dinner ASAP here: 
Lovin the new calendar! It's like you guys knew my birthday is April 1st... Thanks!
Hi Folks, I am look for at least 1 more person to join me in putting together a customized Mexico Whitewater paddling trip for the week of Nov.28-Dec.4. The trip will be run by Tom Burrows of WARM WHITEWATER (also this year's ACA Instructor of the Year) . The basic rate is 995.00 per person which includes all transportation in Mexico and if you want to ride down with us from San Marcos, TX instead of flying in, that transportation as well. Lodging, food and fees (access fees, shuttle drivers etc...). Usage of kayaks and other gear as needed if you fly in.
We would leave the US on a Saturday morning (1am) and have 5 days of actual paddling. We then would return the following Friday. 
You will need your passport and it needs to be valid for six months after our return date. Your only additional cost would be your transportation to Texas, or Tampico, MX.

I am personally driving from Denver, so if you want to roll with me you can bring all of your own gear.
Any favorite spots this time of year, or within the next few weeks? My brother might be coming in from Pittsburgh and wants to paddle a bit. According to AW, our choices are pretty much the Colorado or the Green.
A couple of us are going to do Shoshone laps this sat. Meeting at grizzly creek at 10am. Feel free to join!
Anyone know of good car camping spots near Shoshone?
Planning a Brown's Canyon ELF run on Saturday if anyone would like to join. Tentatively meeting at Stone Bridge takeout at 11:00 for shuttle to Ruby Mountain put in.
Good reminders in here

Hi Folks, I am look for at least 3 people to join me in putting together a customized Mexico Whitewater paddling trip for the week of Nov.28-Dec.4. The trip will be run by Tom Burrows of WARM WHITEWATER (also this year's ACA Instructor of the Year) . The basic rate is 995.00 per person which includes all transportation in Mexico and if you want to ride down with us from San Marcos instead of flying in, that transportation as well. Lodging, food and fees (access fees, shuttle drivers etc...). Usage of kayaks and other gear as needed if you fly in.
We would leave the US on a Saturday morning (1am) and have 5 days of actual paddling. We then would return the following Friday. 
You will need your passport and it needs to be valid for six months after our return date. Your only additional cost would be your transportation to Texas, or Tampico, MX.
Gore Saturday or Sunday anyone?
Hi all, this is a really big deal. Please take a moment to catch up, and send a quick note to our policy makers. Your opinion matters!
Off-topic somewhat -- thinking of going to New Zealand this December -- thinking of doing this river trip (http://www.uniquewhanganuiriver.co.nz/) and Bay of Islands sea kayaking, other fun... Any interest?
Does anyone have a photo of a kayakers drinking beer at the take-out? Would like to use it in the CW 2016 Calendar.
Hi all! I am heading to Ecuador this New Year's on a trip with Small World Adventures. The trip I'm going on is called "Intro to Creeking IV-" (http://www.smallworldadventures.com/trips/#tripsic). I've got 2 people joining me so far, and if I could convince 2 more, we could all get $100 off! :) It's going to be an awesome trip. Message me if you want more info!
Ark - Royal Gorge - Narrows FYI
Foxton today!!?? Meeting at 3pm at the "T". Ryan Ness and Jeremiah Krayna are in, anyone else interested?
Totally unofficial, just for fun Waterton Race.
I can't get enough time off to do a Bailey run but anybody up for class 2 section of Foxton above the boulder garden (putin at Buffalo Creek) after work today? Meeting at the Fort at 4 for a beginner-ish run.
Can anyone guess as to whether there will be a Lower Blue release next weekend? (I couldn't paddle this weekend). Thx! :)
...Posting this for a paddling buddy...
For sale: Shred Ready Vixen (L) for sale
New condition with bag. No scratches dings or anything else $60.
Helmet is in Aurora, but I could meet you somewhere in between,
or you could swing by and pick it up. 
Thanks for looking! 
Gene
more CW fun with the ladies Betties on the Blue cruise 9/19/15
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153257320723931.1073741986.590758930&type=1&l=40abea778f
Golden River Sports sale this weekend. This is a copy and paste from an email I received from them:
"Join Golden River Sports Sept 18-20 for our annual Fall Swap and Sale! This is a great way to purchase everything you need whether you are shopping for NEW or USED! 

If you have gear to sell, please bring to the shop by Thu, Sept 17th. You get 100% store credit for what you sell or 80% cash!   Get yourself some $$$!  Kayaks, duckies, SUP, rafts, fly fishing gear...you know you have tons of extra gear you don't need anymore - but someone else might.  And if you are new - now's the time to shop. 
 
As always, we will have a BBQ and refreshments so bring your lawn chair and your friends.  Plus you will find lots of sale items throughout our entire inventory
  
Yup!  Golden River Sports will have plenty of demo and discontinued kayaks, SUP's and duckies on sale!  Up to 50% off!  

We've got demo SUP boards from Hala Gear and NRS that we are selling at ridiculous prices!  

We have duckies both single and double that must go.  

And we have lots of discontinued Wave Sport boats, both new and used, that we need to clear out!  "
I truly believe this! And I know it is fruitful to ask the rivers to keep me and those on the river safe and wise.  And I once asked a river to help remove a raft that was stuck between rocks... and -- it did release the raft.. And it was amazing because the raft should not have released so easily... I was truly awed. Love the rivers, thank them for keeping you safe, keep them clean.... they listen!
Paddlers, only 2 days left to submit your comments on the Colorado Water Plan. Recreation needs your support!
From American Rivers... in case you are interested. Thank you!
Thanks for a great weekend of boating everyone! I had a blast! :)
It was great meeting everyone on the Colorado River weekend!  We were sad to leave early...though I admit my bed felt extra comfy...anyway, hopefully we'll see you all again soon!
a couple of pics from this weekend and team All the Way May!
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153244719293931.1073741984.590758930&type=1&l=3c3e323665
Great time this weekend and great to meet you all!
Downriver Rafting Equipment in Wheat Ridge is having their fall sale this weekend: 
Is anyone passing by the Dino lots Sunday after Colorado River weekend who wouldn't mind dropping me off there?
Is anyone gonna be play boating this weekend?
Is anyone selling child/youth PFDs? I'm ready to buy two of them tonight!
So Labor Day Weekend came and went... Next is COLORADO RIVER WEEKEND! No need to sign up or register - you can just show up.  We do need people to lead cruises, so if you're game, please email eausten@live.com to say so, and include Colorado River Weekend in the subject line. (Thanks!)  I know some folks will camp out Friday night, We'll meet Saturday and Sunday mornings at 9:30 to divvy into groups.  There will be an awesome Pot Luck dinner Saturday evening.  Bring something delish that everyone will talk about!  Details are on the website here:  
I'm new to the group and understand there's some boatin' happening this weekend on the Colorado. Can someone hook me up with info on how to meet up with the group?
If anyone would like to try out a Dagger Mamba or LL Flying Squirrel at the Colorado River Weekend let me know!
All blue Pyranha Inazone 220 for sale (more classic boat from 1999)  $150
Reason: I really met to get the Inazone 212; the 220 is a bit big for 5' me.

Length    220 cms / 7'2.6"
Width    63 cms / 24.8"
Weight    15.5 kg / 34 lbs
Volume    170 ltr / 44.9 gal
Cockpit Length    80 cms / 31.5"
Cockpit Width    39 cms / 15.4"
Minimum Paddler Weight    50 kg / 110 lbs
Maximum Paddler Weight    80 kg / 176 lbs 

It is fast for its length and attains well. Specs say 110 lbs min. but I think if you weigh less than that and are 5 '2" or more it would work for a good river runner/playboat.  Just my thoughts after using the boat for 3 days.

More reviews here: 
Anyone ever hear about the class V kayaker that forgot their skirt at the put in?
They say he was OK
Does anyone know why S Platte-Deckers is in the 500s for over a week now? I infer there is some dam release to have it at this level... ??? And if it is a dam release, is there a number to call to see how long it will be happening?  Thank you! :)
Some Newbies are planning a Brown's Canyon run on Saturday if other CW's want to join. 10:00 at Stone Bridge.
Adding new boards all the time!  Just updated!
If you have a Necky Jive 8'4" and are looking to sell it, I may be interested, especially if it has Dagger or Perception thighbraces. Thank you!
Got a Cool Picture for Next Year's Calendar? Submit your very own, awesome pictures to possibly be included in the 2016 CW Calendar no later than Sept. 15. Submission details: 
Representing Colorado Whitewater on the Arkansas River in Salida, CO this weekend.
FYI... Thank you Randy and the Rangers for your time and hard efforts to make our rivers safer
Anyone up for a run on the lower Ark on .Saturday or Sunday?  Would consider anything below Cotopaxi.
I can't do Scott's Ark cruise Saturday but would like to boat Ark on Friday. Anyone in the area Friday that wants to go?
Anyone going to the Swiftwater Rescue course this weekend and want to carpool from Boulder or Golden? I can either go out there late Friday night or early Saturday.
I'm leading a cruise on the Arkansas River next Saturday, August 22. Depending on water levels and our group's interest, it will either be on Parkdale, Brown's Canyon or Fractions. Click the link below for more info about it and to email me. I'm probably also in need of some sweeps if you'd like to help out. If we run Browns or Fractions, I'll likely make it a weekend trip and run something on Sunday, too although it won't be an "official" CW event.

My sunglasses are missing from Scott Winkleman's house...let me know if there have been any sightings!  Thanks!
Unfortunately I may be taking a long hiatus from the paddling life:(.
Anyone want to join me on Numbers this Sunday around 11am?
Here's another video of the Deckers party on Saturday. Chutes are at 2:30.
Jodi Lee thanks for arranging an awesome day on the river! So great to see everyone! Look forward to the next trip. :)
pictures from our Deckers crew
I have someone's blue chair they left at the Waterton put-in. Let me know if it's yours.
Does anyone going on the Deckers cruise have an extra PFD they wouldn't mind letting me borrow?
It's gonna to be a party tomorrow on the South Platte River! We have about 30 people doing the Deckers cruise - several duckies, several kids, many newbies coming. Email me (jodilee23@gmail.com) if you're interested in coming along. David Holzman is leading the Waterton cruise (meeting an hour later). Contact him if you'd like to do that run. THEN... we're having a big BBQ afterwards around 3pm at the Waterton put-in. Make sure to bring a chair and something to grill and/or share with everyone.
I'm leading a Deckers cruise next Saturday, August 8. It will be a large group so we'll split into two groups. We'll have a BBQ afterwards at the take-out (aka Waterton put-in). It would be great to have someone organize a Waterton cruise or a Foxton cruise the same day and then we can all meet up for the BBQ. 

Any takers on leading a Waterton or Foxton cruise?

Click here if you're interested in the Deckers cruise: 
http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-194339
I am still looking for some company on the Upper C on Saturday.  Any takers?  Going once.....
Anyone going to be in the Arkansas Valley that wants to do a run late Friday afternoon? I'm working most of the day but free 4-ish.
Meet Marty Gill, Debbie Grooman, and maybe others, tomorrow, 4:00 at BTO. Thinking a Lower Mish through BTO if time before dark. Otherwise just Poudre Park or Pineview through BTO.
if anyone is interested in joining us for a afternoon paddle tomorrow we will be at golden for 3 p.m. if you're around come on out!
For Sale: Medium Jackson Karma $700 (or trade for a river surfing SUP)
it even comes with a Colorado Whitewater sticker :D
Full moon float on the Rio Grande on Friday, July 31st, then a full-day cruise on Saturday, Aug 1st. Join us?  

There's lots of scenic, free camping, Pagosa Hot Springs is an hour away and it's a beautiful area to explore.

Here's the link to the description of Friday's Full Moon Float: http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-1982633

Here's the link to Saturday's Wagon Wheel Gap Cruise: 
http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-1982630

Email Elaine from the description page to let her know you're coming....
Hey guys! I'm trying to sell or trade a 2015 sm jackson Karma for a dagger mamba 7.6. $750, in durango. Pm for more! (Rachel is my real world name;)
More Zoom Flume on Sat. First person through the first group that ran Browns
Some friends of mine rescued a purple kayak above the chutes at Decker on Sunday. If you think this is yours, please PM me.
Here's some clips of us on the Fractions run on Sunday. It was a great weekend, thanks everyone! Those of you in the group, House Rock footage is at 5:00. Watch in HD if you're on your 'puter.
Heres another video of our fractions run.
Thanks for all the warm friendly welcomes. We (the Durango girls) will be back over and over again!!
It was a great day paddling with you all. A lot of cleanup after House Rock but a lot of fun.
Newspaper article about Women in Charge - The Arkansas River Takeover during Paddlefest. All our CW Boating Betties need to join it next year! :D
Fun in the Zoom Flume Sat. All of us Durango girls had a blast this weekend! We can't wait to hang with ya'll again :)
Anyone up for a class II-III run on Fri on the Ark? Bunny
Have prior commitments Friday and Saturday but hoping to run numbers on Sunday. What say you ark weekenders?
Would be up for numbers, granite/numbers, or numbers/fractions.
Is anyone planning on making Arkansas weekend a four day?
The Fun Downriver Race will be THIS WEDNESDAY for the final evening of the Golden Community Rodeo Series, sponsored by Golden River Sports.
This event is for all abilities and types of boats. So bring your kayak, canoe, SUP, inflatable kayak, or mini me raft and have fun racing through the play park while performing tasks/obstacles along the way. Participants will be grouped to compete in appropriate categories based on their boat type, gender, and/or skill level. Awesome prizes will be awarded to the top finishers. Plus, a one-week SierraRios kayak or raft trip to Mexico, Peru or elsewhere will be given away. And don't miss the after party at a restaurant in downtown Golden.
* Free to all CW members (not a member yet, then join at the event)
* Clear Creek Play Park in Golden, CO
* Registration 5-5:30pm; Competition starts approx. 5:45pm
* More details: http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/racing-competition
We'd love to see TONS of boaters and spectators at the last event of the GCRS, so please share this post!
Just a suggestion -Post events to the events tab here to help grow them, provide info etc.
The water level is finally good for the Golden Rodeo to start. The first event is THIS Wednesday, so come down and compete or show your support.
Anyone have a small portable gas powered generator we can borrow for the golden rodeo on Wednesday? We just need to power a small P.A. system.
Who's up for some Glenwood Springs action this weekend? Saturday, July 11th Dick Alweis is leading a Cemetery Run on the Roaring Fork. Great river, great fun. Then Saturday we'll run Grizzly Creek on the Colorado. In between there's soaking in the hot springs pool, nice restaurants ... need I say more?
Hey Colorado Friends,
You're Invited! Join us and Grand County to celebrate the completion of the Gore Canyon Whitewater Park on Monday, July 13, 2015.
You all helped Grand County secure recreational water rights for future generations of whitewater paddlers and build a fun wave at Pumphouse. Now it's finished and time for a party!
11:00 AM Paddling Exhibition hosted by American Whitewater
11:30 AM Ribbon Cutting, Recognition...Big Group Picture!
12:00 PM Picnic lunch hosted by Grand County, BYO Camp Chair. 
(RSVP by July 6 to carolinebradford@wildblue.net so I know how many folks to tell the caterer to expect.)
Contact Nathan Fey for details about the paddling exhibition. Everybody is encouraged to join us!
Photo: Signorini via Mountainbuzz.com
CW on Mad Dog
Anyone paddling the Ark 4th of July weekend. I and two others would like to step up our Arkansas game but would rather be with more experienced paddlers. Depending on what water levels do I'm thinking about Fractions or possibly lower Brown's. I've only done Big Bend to Salida East and want to move up but am open to suggestions as to what that looks like.  Thanks.
The Rodeo is back on! Come one, come all. Clear Creek is down to 1230cfs and looks like it will be an excellent level for the rodeo. The new dates will be July 1, 8, & 15. This competition will be sponsored by Confluence Kayaks Confluence Kayaks > Home. The AF