Got a question. What rivers/ creeks that are in the class 2 to 3 range that is near NOC and would be great for a beginner to intermediate class.  It's going to be in July  if it helps any.
Picked up a BeavR-2 cataraft today.  A few observations:  22" main tubes and raised 16" crosstubes.  Floor is 12" above the bottom of the main tubes which should allow the boat to go through bigger holes with less resistance.  11' 10" oblong main tube with fairly flat tops and bottoms.  Should help boat sit higher in the water.  Two pedestals with double thigh straps centered on the long tubes.  Secures you to the boat just like a canoe and doesn't require you sit side saddle. Width is 6'1". Floor can now be used to carry gear with six D-rings.  Two mesh bags attached to crosstubes for throw bag, etc.  Will provide a detailed review of how it handles after Sat run.
Big boof little boof
I have some yucko virus so trying out the BeavR2 in the living room
2 Free C2's for pickup: They both are in Central NJ. I'm about 10 minutes out of the way for anyone traveling between the northeast and the south.
Watch out for dem rocks.
The GA butt boater that parked his camper and trailer at the Tellico ledges takeout/middle putin, you are an inconsiderate Ass
Anybody want to paddle the ledges tomorrow? Should be enough parking!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=740886422678674&substory_index=0&id=281415741959080
One more view.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1706914359526805&id=1651547995063442
What are the options for floatation on Octane 92's?  Obviously Fall Lines kick ass, but I'm broke from the boat.  Other options and size ideas?
The past few years it seems that an elitist level has developed due to advancments in boat, accessories and safety gear. Unfortunately, boaters of lower skill levels are being forced to stick to easier runs because the 'Elitist' are keeping their groups tight and not wanting to paddle easier runs with less experienced boaters.  Now don't get me wrong, I completely understand that you wouldn't take a class III boater down the Green for example.  However, it used to be that experienced boaters would be willing to paddle with lesser to help bring up the sport and strengthen ties between all levels.  Now I'm talking about actually helping them on the river, not just running shuttle with them.  I've noticed lately that Canoe Clubs still keep this old school mentality alive and present but there's not too much outside of these groups.  NOW I NEVER SAID ALL BOATERS ARE LIKE THIS but it is enough to be noticed by the other abilities.  Open your door to others and it will make you a better boater along with them.  Obviously as your ability increases so does your chances to run harder rivers or creeks but how can one become a class 4 boater if no one is willing to help them increase their personel potential.  Yes, they could go pay for instruction, but then you wouldn't know if that person could handle the stress of a serious rescue.  I am by no means calling anybody out, all I want is for the Paddling community to help each other.  And whatever happened to waving if you see a fellow boater?  Our lifestyle is one of a kind and is growing every day by leaps and bounds.  Teach a class, go to a roll session and just help.  We all sat in a boat for the first time and wondered what's this all about.  Somebody, somewhere took you under their wing at some point didn't they?

With that being said we are lucky being single bladers.  I can't say I've met an oc or cboater that is a true ass.  Glad to be one of y'all.
Tell me sumthin bout used up parking space......
Safety break approved.
48" Gaia everlast bag, holds air like a champ $50, who needs it ?
The top of the West Fork Tuck.
American Whitewater Fatal Accident Summary 
July-December 2015

This has been a quiet year for whitewater accidents, and the last 6 months have been especially so. From July to December 2015 there were only 3 Kayak, 1 Canoe, and  6 rafting deaths reported to American Whitewater. That count included 3 heart attacks, which are not, strictly speaking, river related. The yearly total, 34, was one of the lowest reported since 1993. This was probably due to unusually low water in the West and normal flows in the East. swims. I was relieved that the December high water in the Southeast passed without any casualties. Here's a summary. Please message me if I've missed any fatalities. 

Date/State/Victim/Boat/River/Section/Dif/Cause

2015-12-18/TN/Eric Bush/Kayak/Nolichucky River /Poplar N.C. to Noli Gorge CG/IV/Long Swim

2015-12-02/Ecuador/Taylor Hunt/Kayak/Sardinas Grandes River//V/Long Swim

2015-11-05/India/Beth Hume/Kayak/Umngi river//V/Undercut Rock

2015-09-05/NY/Jordyn Engler/Tube/Esopus Creek /Allaben Portal to Phoenicia /III/Strainer

2015-08-15/OR/Brayden Biggs/Raft/North Fork Rogue /Takilma Gorge /IV/Long Swim

2015-08-02/MT/Shane Dearden/Raft/Clark Fork /Alberton Put In to Fish Creek /III/Long Swim

2015-07-26/PA/Tim Meyers/Raft/Youghiogheny / Lower /II/Heart Attack

2015-07-21/WA/Jeffrey Standish/C-Raft/White Salmon /BZ Corner to Buck Creek /III/Heart Attack

2015-07-10/NJ/Doris Rake, Kathryn Haney/Kayak/Delaware River/Bulls Island near Stockton, NJ /I/No PFD's

2015-07-03/CO/Daniel Cheong/C-Raft/Clear Creek /Rigor Mortis to Golden /IV/Long Swim

2015-07-02/TN/Ken Worthington/Canoe/Mid Prong Lit Pigeon, (Greenbrier) / Porter's Cr. Conf to Hwy 73 /IV/Heart Attack
Hi Louie -- you can find your letter about butt boater parking here:
http://nubiaq.wikispaces.com/Louie's+Courtesy+Rant
STEVE
Watauga River Guy Ford Access Update
01-04-16

As many of you know, we have closed on the Guy Ford Tract II property which will provide a long term access to the Watauga River at Guy Ford. The purchase is complete and this property is now owned by Watauga County. In the coming year I will work with county officials and other stakeholders to develop a sustainable plan to create a usable park and river access area.

Thank you so much to everyone who donated.

It is also not too late to donate. I will use any remaining privately raised funds to leverage the dollars needed for development. If you use this area, I think your name should be on the list.

Sorry in advance for flooding FB with this, just spreading the word.
A good day on the Little River yesterday (it was also Matt's comeback trip)
Ai yai yai! Will it never end?
Section 0 Chattooga. I didn't take many photos as the day started a little rough and we ended up a little rushed for time. Took a wrong turn and the trip was starting to look like the beginning of Deliverance, ended up on some four wheel drive trail that kept getting rougher and rougher, and had to turn around. When we finally made it back to the river we made our way pretty quick. Luckily the rest of the day was great. Water level was perfect at 470 cfs (for me anyhow). Saw two hikers and zero other boaters all day. There is a log in the bottom of Bull Pen falls. There was one other log in some small ledge. Other than that everything was pretty clear.
This is a perfect example of the difference between POV and real footage. The POV add a lot to the footage shot from the bank, but it alone conveys little of the true picture of what is going on.
Great day on section 0. Sorry for the crap quality video - I had a bunch of water on the lens.
Octane 92 NYD Run On The Winni, watch in 1080HD if possible.


Shawn Malone
If you order from the Mohawk Store and use the Code Gdi   you will get free shipping.       
Encore-Zephyr comparison, if anyone ever wondered.......
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day 2016 had great energy! We had 14 racers and many spectators come out and enjoy the event. Alex O and Jusbyn L got to share the Old English 800 for finishing in last place. Special Thanks to Chad and Sam for sacrificing Go Fast times to rescue a fellow pinned racer. Huge Thanks to all the sponsors this year! Your donations along with contributions from attendees will go a long way in making 2017 an even better event. #immersonresearch #unclelems #casualpintfountaincity #waldrensridgewhitewater #jackson #whitewaterofthesouthernappalachians #shockerzhandlepaddles

PS If anyone is out paddling Daddy's Creek stop at the beach, river right immediately above the canyon, and see if you can find Ashley Paquëtte's journal.
Boat ridin' tomorrow?
OC1 and 2ing the Octane 92
Heading out for South Holston, VA tomorrow. Class II run. Anyone whose interested pm or text me. I could be talked into something else class II-III if anyone has a suggestion. 336. 749, 599tree.
Anyone paddling north ga or close to north ga tomorrow. A friend and I might do warwoman,flat shoals, or section 0
I have Uber-shuttle set up to boat Chestatee near Dahlonega, GA tomorrow.  I am planning on doing Damascus Church Road to Grindle Bridge.  Anyone is welcome to join me.
pumps with no skirt.
Tellico Mob Squad today. Tag away...
On the hunt for a Taureau near E. TN or WNC if anyone has one to unload.
Upper upper hooch today. Steve brock, trey cambern, Michael mccurdy, alfonso, and Randy paddled?
BIG water on the dries.
There is one day left in the year, but let's go ahead and see how many PFD's folks got.  Any true OC1/C1 first D's in 2015?
Headed to tellico for huckfest.   Who is going to be up there
Anybody boating WV next week? Can get there Thursday morning
Diggin these new spectra bags from @falllinecanoes 

Damn fine job homie!
Anyone headed to Tellico tomorrow?
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day --- Let's do this!


Still open for 1 D open boat
the clymb has been trying to get rid of these for a while now. the price just dropped again. looks like a decent drysuit for $300. 


What's good to run tomorrow and who's gong to be there?
Tremont at 12 if anyone wants join
Little tomorrow round noonish
LRC accident report anywhere?
Last run of the year.
Hey gdi'ers I'm looking for a campground centrally located in the whitewater area of the southeast preferable with full hook ups and can accommodate me for 3 to 4 weeks. Any help would be appreciated.
Tallulah gorge is at almost 6000 CFS.
I like the two tone look
Ok she has work to do on the cross bow
Damnit no pic to post
 in deadwood
So I finally got myself out doing something with Uber-shuttle.  My local Uber guy came by with a trailer and transported me and craft w/gear to my put-in, not vladimar.
Go Blow Gay Pro's on sale 75% off in Mexico they can't get rid of them
Looks like an OCA, despite the description... 
Heads up everyone!
Green Narrows  Viper 12
Big Creek (ocoee) 12ish? any other takers?
I just ran Bear for the first time in 11 years. It was 14" this morning. Michael Bruce Lewis, Ted Hayes is back boating a lot. Im going to try to run Suck Creek with him late tomorrow afternoon
Anyone interested,in an Ocoee lap before the bottom falls out of the sky?    Dustin Welch and I are going in a little bit
So in lieu of a trip to Utah because non boaters suck, I want to head down to the Knoxville/Asheville area to check it out in the beginning of January. Anyone feel like taking a Yankee under their wing and showing her around and maybe lending a couch?
I know this canoe related but, flying the new Droid for 10 mins was well worth the hour and half it took to get it out of the tree.
Looks a little retentive.
Wildcat Creek in north Georgia. Fair amount of wood. Couple of fun drops though. Anybody else ran this one?
Anyone hitting Island or Little Clear today? Reckon they'll still be good?
Scooter is there sumthin you want to tell us?
Where are You paddling today?
Aiming to get out on the amicalola tomorrow now that it's dropped out just a fuzz. Hopefully holds at 2' anybody interested in firing it up tomorrow? Gotta raft that I'm R1ing unless somebody wants to jump in with me.
Who knows about Mossy Creek?
Couple pictures from Wildcat Creek Georgia today.
judging by all of the footage that I have watched on fb tonight, there was Much Beatering had so far on this rain event….and more to come.
Be safe out there…and not just during the "breaks"
Some fun rapids on Big Banana
anyone boating in Lumpkin County tomorrow?
Try this one on for size....what a winter!
Anyone hitting anything today? Smokies?
Vanagon Rabbitt. surfing it Up on Xmas Day`
The Baby is brewing. The western side of the NC mountains westward to the Tellico River have been sending the recent deluge from the sky toward our wonderful little town. The views of the river are beautiful and inspire awe. When enjoying the wonder of nature we as everyone to be respectful of the awe. Brenda Thomas Harris posted this short but terrific video. Live life to the fullest while giving credence to the awe.
Anybody want to try Doublecamp today?
When in 1994 and 1995 people were bitch about how the upper Ocoee was bein ruined by the building of the Olympic course, slam dunk was bein changed and they were pourin concrete everywhere, we told them "wait nuthun that is being done to it is going to last for ever. I ain't sayin this is the one where it reverts back, but this one will contribute to the time when another event like this will undo all the work of man to that section of river
Mexican open cane
Fred Davis Yi and I have both run this drop but neither time I did it was it this high
Who is running what today?
A friend took this; "The Screaming Meanies" 12/25/15
ATL folks...I bet there was enough rain to get Fulton County Bear going.  Or maybe Wehadkee Creek at the mill.  Here's some footage of me and Huck A Buck getting Bear a few years ago.
Seriously, what are the thoughts on paddling tomorrow? That's not blown up anyway. Anything in the Smokies? Or Island Creek? Can we even get to that one this time of year?
And so it begins. Remember if the rain caused the rivers and creeks to wash out the road bed ( something designed to stay put) you can guess what there are doin to their Rapids. That trick move where you brush up agin that horrible under cut or skirt by that dead sieve may have changed. Please take the correct  precautions.......get a buttboater to run it first.
Barring rainfall extremes overnight, the Little is my plan for tomorrow afternoon. backup : Tremont or........
Bear Creek,Al  usually runs around 200-300 cfs the gauge just went offline as it hit 5'000 cfs. its getting to look like this one is going into the record books.
Merry Christmas everyone! Stay safe out there!
Where y'all boating today?
When Mike Whalen did it at 20,000 it looked a lot like this. Damn that THP asshole was pissed
Merry X-mas from Waterfall Canoes!
Cars are floating down the Cartecay River
This ain't Mexico
Anyone paddling Saturday?
Merry Christmas GDI from the President and First Lady. May you live long and prosper.
The Wookscat/LateStart fundraiser put another $200 in the coffers.  If you need a last minute gift, give some $$ for permanent access to the Watauga.
This is suck creek in Chattanooga and with the level of open in that area this needs to be a ALF wish list river
Lookin thru old footage. Here is a good example of how not to run The Sinks on the Little River.
Canoe till your black and blue!
Has anyone tried fit an octane on the new Yakima Jaylow rack system?
Who was that's now making sexy bulkhead saddles?
Peep this..

A little bonus for some extras on a job Ryan Glasser and myself just finished..

Needs a bit of love but overall it's good and floats.
The stoke is high.
NOT MY BOAT: 
As we were finishing our day the  brown wall came down the dries from that random spot near the bottom of the run.

Does anyone know if it is a pressure relief valve on the penstock tunnel or surge tank?
Getting vertical in Mexico
What's going on lately with the Pigeon Dries?. Is all the water at Waterville coming through there or some coming through the powerhouse? And is anyone going tomorrow?
So,  we boating tomorrow?
Truck with boat just seen goin into Missippissi.headin SW and goin fast
MILLBROOK DEFIANT up for sale $1500 
Once again my friend bill is selling one of his mint condition boats . Last week he sold his mint condition 91 octane  . Blue factory outfitted reinforced Hull , Gaia bags paddle less then 10 times on the nanty.  MINT CONDITION. pm me if your interested and I will pass his number to you . Lives close to NOC and willing to meet you at the Ocoee if needed.
Who goin where? Wilson, Watauga, Tellico seems to be it.
Truck with boat just seen goin into Missippissi.headin SW and goin fast
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day UPDATE:


Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day.  Please read and respond!


SOLD!
So I think I may have pulled a couple OC1 first Ds on 12/3/15. First being Upper Hurricane creek, two kayaks and my oc1, for first D for all boats. From there into Hurricane creek... This first D was taken a few years back by Adam Goshorn, Matthew Taylor Jones, and a few others(maybe you guys could help me confirm this) all in kayaks. From what I understand many of the rapids where clogged with trees on this run, and some portaging was done. A member of the original party and on my run cut out Hurricane after the original first D. This allowed us to run every rapid, all were pretty tight with plenty of hazard, I'd give it a solid class 4 for micro creeking. Anyways I believe I was the first open boater to make these runs, any info would be  appreciated.
I'll have a Demo fleet of these at SRS "Southern Raft Supply" for the winter. They are located in Asheville off the French Broad river. Hit Justyn up. They also have any piece of gear you can think of. 

https://www.facebook.com/canoeandkayak/posts/10153928632597873
What does the stick gauge at highway 321 need to read to run Ramsay- trailhead to porters confluence?
The first visual online gauge!  http://www.whitewatervogs.com/
Anyone boatin tomorrow?
5 gen Option for sale - aluminum mold
Found that one! Seriously funny. But careful... it has tits in it.

Is 225 too heavy for a Dagger Ocoee?
$900. Somebody needs this boat.
Raining hard in Lenoir City
Here is a code to get you 10% off  go to the Mohawk Store and use the code GDI.
 
Sometimes I feel like I am the only person in the world that wants to put trees in the river to make railsides...just say'n 
I feel so alone
Fun from this past year.  Enjoy
These black Fall Line bags are going to look damn good in my green boat. Thanks Shawn!!!
Whitewater in Lenoir City
This happened way back in pre-ALF days
Some more cascades
Last Gauley run this year
So...who ran what today? What looks good Sunday?
My favorite run but a little on the lower side.  Tell you what, I'm beating up on my ZapPaddle and it's barely even scratched.  I'd be shopping for a new paddle about this time. Everyone already knows how good Fall Lines goodies are.  Enjoy my local Manky fun
Look past the boat and focus on the Japanese creek
Photos from my Glory Days, 1990 and 1993 I think...both at Bull Sluice...
Anyone know if the Ocoee will run tomorrow?
Santa is an open boater. And a lefty.
I need a new skirt for my Atom.  My old one was by Moutain surf and i want an identical replacement.

Can any Canadians get in touch with them?  I sent a couple emails that no one responded to.
Stay tuned I will be posting pictures of a new octane 91 with new bomber bags soon .Helping a friend out with the sale . Been padded half way down the nanty only . Calhoun GA
Anyone ever heard of a Northstar or north wood, fiberglass canoe manufacture out of Illinois?

Buying this boat today because it's in good shape for a fiberglass boat. Just wondering if it is a good boat design. The likes look good on it.
Seen in a coworker's office.
Just gonna toss this out here I'll be driving from Nc to Nh and back next week with rack space if any one needs a ride for a boat .
Ocoee? Tellico?
Your thoughts, please on Octane 85 vs. Option, as creekers, players, river runners. Seems to me the O-85 is equal in all respects but most paddlers are choosing Options. How come?
Adam you pulled your post? Fred is still a stand up guy
Chattooga IV tomorrow anyone?
ISO old wooden canoe paddles. If anyone has any they would like to get rid of please let me know.  Thank you.
Making the most of another 60 degree day, this time on the Watauga
Off tomorrow.  Let's go boating!
Some gdi approved levels on the cascades
Just a word of warning. There was a truck parked on River Road at the Tellico yesterday that was hanging over the line.  Please make sure that you pull all the way off the road.  That road is pretty narrow and we do not need to complicate things more by having cars and trucks sticking out into the road.  Makes it ripe for complaints from the locals about us having a good time on the river.
Would be nice to have one more experienced paddler join us for Noli Friday. I know the river well, but my friend who was going to help me show two others down may not be coming now.
HACKS, Housatonic area canoe and kayak squad
Anyone want to shoot for some upper nanty laps tomorrow? Been running for a week now, so chances are still good.
I can make it to ALF again this year.  :)
Only three days of paddling but it's better than nothing.
Can't wait to paddle with you guys.
Just finished my gunwales!
One less Ion in North America. It's last Boof was Sock em Dog, its next will be....?
What would the value of a Grumman aluminum canoe in good condition be?  I have a friend considering selling one
Looking for a used Delta.  I know it is a long shot, but in never hurts to ask.
Thanks!
South Sauty with Jerrod Jones, Matt Todhunter, and Noah Taylor.
anybody know of good shape Pyranha Spanish Fly's that might be on the market? Super Fly and Quake also good.
I've got a day off tomorrow and don't mind driving, what's still running and who wants to get on something?
Anybody headed from or near Abingdon, Va toward Raleigh or the triangle that could give a C-1 saddle a ride?
I'm preparing to do some custom outfitting to my wife's Option and my Prelude. Adding foam sidewalls to the Prelude and expanding the existing ones on the Option. I've seen others add foam in all kinds of places and am thinking about that. I'd like to add as much as is practical to displace water and make the boats easier to roll. Is there a point at which it's too much? Or is there danger of getting trapped in the boat in a pin situation if  it's too tight in the cockpit? Aside from closed cell foam, I've considered adding extra floatation. Perhaps small kayak bags under the shins to also serve as ankle blocks. Anyone ever tried anything like this or have any good ideas? Shawn Alexander? Bob Britt? Matt Todhunter?
Clark if you think Tellico was crazy yesterday, wait till today. Ga. Buttboaters galore.
Anyone want to go bump down Big Laurel? It's at -3"
I have the ID# for the like green flying squirrel 95 that was stolen from Blairsville, GA 12/2/15 - Lps00006k415
Still not recovered - please keep an eye out! Thanks everyone!
This morning I swam, then I SUGYS.
Anyone paddling tomorrow
C1 boatin injury
Anyone boating tellico tomorrow?  I'll be up there around 11-12
WNC class 3+ tomorrow? Big laurel? Pigeon? Others?
In case you did not know, Noah Taylor is the king of the "Fader Boof"... If you have not seen it yet, you will soon... 
He's Killing It!
LRC tomorrow anyone?
Island Creek Wood Report:
So today, Tyler Lowe and I ELFed into Island Creek to look for a friends paddle and to cut some wood. We discovered that a lot of water rolled through that gorge last week during all the rain. 
There was a log blocking the entrance to Compound Fracture last week. The high water has sent it toward the right bank. With regular flows, the log can be missed by going around the left side with no issues. 
There was also some wood above the ledge rapid at the cave. It's still there but has shifted a lot which opened a channel up. We also cut several trees on river right to further open up a right channel. However, there's still a log that will affect entering this rapid. 
Further upstream, there was a tree down at the top of a river wide ledge on the series of slides. The tree was blocking the main tongue of the drop which is preferred to punch the hole. We cut this tree out so its no longer a factor. 
The remainder of the run is fairly clean and open now. However, there are some trees along the banks in places that extend into the water but are easily avoidable. There's a few trees also that are easily duckable too. A lot of wood shifted around and there's a huge pile of debris on the Island near the end. However, it appears both sides of the island is clear. Keep yours eyes open next time you're in there but it appears to be back in descent condition compared to a while back.
Picked up an Austin Crane paddle yesterday.  The craftsmanship is beautiful and I can't wait to give it a try.
Whats the plan?
Damn I love this river I just wish it was closer to Veracruz
Lookin thru videos and thought this was pretty good. ALF Race.
Off all weekend!  Where is the boat riding going down???
NEW GEAR! Long Sleeve DRI-Fits and they are only $18 today only!!!!!

#shopsmall #Flashsale
Tomorrow I may step into yet another level of desperato boating arrangements.  I will likely do "UberShuttle" for my very local Chestatee. UberShuttle boat and all.
Name these spots on the Tellico....
Only in Alabama. This is a shame
Piney River is a good minimum and holding.
Any thoughts on Caney Fork gorge suitability for open boats at current levels (1350 CFS)?
Probly the most beautiful takeout I've ever seen.
If you go to our Store and order, use the coupon code why the hell not and receive 10% off your order.   
If you're on the Tellico late this Saturday, come to our annual Candlelight Walk in the old downtown.  We will have food, Santa, the Grinch, and our famous Cookie Caper, where you can buy cookies by the pound.  Look for me at the Grinch's cave.
Anyone want to guess which barge these measurements were taken from?
Any takers for Tellico tomorrow
does anyone have an opinion as to whether Crab Orchard will hold thru Saturday?
Come ride the Roosters Tail..... Richard Guin !
Rear entry
Tremont 10am.
That's your Baby Falls from this afternoon..... she will be sweet tomorrow afternoon and through the weekend I think.
Tremont today anyone?
We now have a store on our web site. Still have some work to do. It is getting there slowly but surly. Go check it out and let me know what you think.  
STOLEN KAYAK!! Lime green flying squirrel 95 - please keep a look out, bought new and still in great condition. Stolen from Blairsville, GA.
does anyone have plans to run middle Tellico this weekend?  think it will hold until Saturday?
well, I'm jealous of all the posts about how much paddling you guys are doing in the south... but up here we can justify having having one of these.  Yeah, it's got heated seats too!
The Stikine section of the Pigeon looks good to go.
If any Knoxville folks need a paddling after party, come out to Preservation Pub tonight.
Tellico 10 feet and Obed is at 48000 and both still rising
Lower White Takeout @ 8:30
Looking for a cheap oc-1. Can anyone help me out ?
Some of the best handcrafted paddles on the market! Made by a c-boater and can hold up on the river but, pretty enough you may want to hang on the wall!
Tellico at 6 feet and going up a foot an hour. Obed at 37000 and going up 4000 an hour
Just a reminder about Daddy's Creek...The Devil's Breakfast Table takeout will be closed this weekend to boaters Dec 3-6 (Thurs-Sun) for a deer hunt in Catoosa Wildlife Management Area. Don't pull a Louie and get yourself and all your friends a fine:)
She rolls like a dream!
Greenbrier holding at 1.9
Big Creek Via Will Butler. The top of the surge was at 2.5, and the bottom was around 2.1
For Sale:  Prijon Release C-1 very used but HTP plastic, Wave Sport ZG 54 C-1 in very good shape with primo outfitting, empty Riot Astro 54 empty ready for a c-1 conversion in great shape, small oil can.  Make me an offer, located in seattle and I will help you ship via am track, or DHL, by help I mean wrap it and you pay for shipping.
Greenbrier 1.9; it only rained a 10th of an inch overnight. Rain is on the way right now, but it takes about six hours for the rain to get from Charlie's bunion down to gauge. There's no way big creek is running this morning, but it probably will this afternoon
Anybody down for caseCades or Tellico tomorrow morning
Does anyone have a cheap C1 for sale? Looking for an older/beater boat that would make a good first C1. A paddle would be a plus as well.
Here's some more Dries footage.
I finally got to sneak up and check out Upper Big Creek. I'd like to get back on this gem at a higher level, but we certainly had a good time out there. 

Blackfly Canoes - Fall Line Canoes - ZapPaddles
Any other 9-5'ers feel like the rain is always just a few days late? :)
Tellico tomorrow anyone?
This rain might do it. Good chance Tellico will be run able till late spring
Greenbrier back on the rise. 2' at dark.
Cleaning off my GoPro, I found a couple random Pigeon Dries clips from when Judd and I snuck out there at between 1100 and 1200. Kind of wet in a canoe at this level
The hydropower industry is pushing legislation that is bad news for whitewater, and we expect a House vote this week. If it goes through, great paddling opportunities like the Cheoah and Tallulah Rivers will never happen. Follow this link to contact your representative today!
I have quite a few boats for sale, both canoes and kayaks that would make good C1s
Just a word of caution for Island Creek....a lot of wood was cut earlier this year and left to wash away to finish clearing the stream. Be on the lookout for those logs to be in new places. My hope is that they are now in the Emory. Just keep an eye out if anyone runs it today.
Greenbrier: 2ft
ALF wish list for the Canadians in 2016
Richard
Austin Crane's wooden paddle is one of the best I have ever used. Cuts through the water like none I have ever seen. I don't know what he is using for the finish but it was so slick and smooth I felt for sure I would have to take some sand and rough it up, no need to do it. My hand didn't slip once and it has a good amount of flex without felling sloppy and not shoulder issues after a hard day of paddling. If you get a chance to try one out you should.
All the welding is done on old red. We've pulled the saddle out of the Quad A's and done maintenance on the pumps. Marcos needs to Re work the wood gunnels and cross thwarts, put it all together and might even get a test float out of it before it goes to it's New Mexican home. I used to be jealous  of Paul Fantettie having boats in two states now I will have them in two countries
Here's some Rebel water....and a little Yankee.
Made some edits for first time. Here's some "Yankee" water.
Just want to say that the Black Friday trip on the dries was one great time. Shuttle work out with the least possible amount of driving. Strong group despite the number of swims and good time all the way around.
Anybody have any tips for patching this airbag leak? The outer nylon layer is not punctured but seems to have separated from the inner layer.  Any advice is appreciated!!
Zoomie again
There is some hope out there now....
Ya I know it is old and we have all seen it but somethings need to be repeated
Just in case anyone is close to the Ocoee, it's defiantly been running the last few days at 1,000 or 1,100 be my best guess. Someone also said the upper was low flow but I did not drive up. Pretty close to normal flow coming out of the gate. Word is till Tuesday the 1st. Put in at rails takeout at raft takeout is good.
Did OCA's have this decal in the middle or on the rear?
Anyone whitewatering Sunday?
Il y a quelques temps dans le Jura : 
Golder Goldstein and Chick
This shit is funny. Go read the comments from about March up till current. Corran bailed on a Kickstarter project, and is trying to pass the blame to the company he sold out to. A bunch of people that paid big bucks for a SUP are getting the shaft. Sounds like it isn't all his fault, but a good cautionary tale for you if you are thinking about donating to a Kickstarter campaign.


Rich Moore I didn't really save this as a grand climax to today collection of Swims by the Ashville Guys and Gal it just worked out that way. It will be in Deadwood and SA
Rich Moore
Alex Vargas
Boofin together
Zoomie
Out of curiosity, who is gonna try bumping down the pigeon dries tomorrow? Running around 350 right now.
open boat
Dooley Tombras havin watched all your line today.....from behind you, and having filmed everyone else from in front of them I can say you had the best lines. However in as much as I could barley keep you in sight and damn sure can't prove you had the best lines.
Justin
Matt Todhunter
Jeff Richards & Dooley Tombras
This is Trevor. Trevor got into an Octane 91 and rolled it with a C to C........ First try. Did I mention it was his first time stepping foot into a c boat? I think he's found his true calling.
anyone own a bomber brand gauley drysuit? does the inseam zip cause problems when you're kneeling on a saddle in OC? in particular the woman's gauley?
Still planning on Chattooga tomorrow.  Hope to see some of yall there.  10 am at 76 bridge.
Any comparisons or general thoughts on the difficulty for what the Dries at current levels?  Also, any decent way of gauging / guessing flow, short of being at the bridge already ? (Are they still generating ?)
Thanks for any info or amusingly snide remarks...
When's Ain't Louie this year?
A quick clip from the Pigeon Dries last week with Keith Clark. Level was somewhere around 450-500 CFS. The water channelizes nicely at these lower flows and Nowhere To Land was the most exciting drop in my book. Special thanks to Vince Zappia for letting me try out one of his beautiful ZapPaddle creations.

Blackfly Canoes - Fall Line Canoes - ZapPaddles
Anybody have any plans to paddle over the holidays in or near  Blacksburg VA. Trying to decide if I should bring my boat.
Dries holding very well
Black Friday run, Caracy Chill Run, New Year Day Little River, ALF Race what other traditional runs do people do?
Hey Guys,  
Just finished a video of my OC1 season so far.  :)  
Enjoy.  :) 


HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Get free shipping on all gear mailed in the lower 48 FRIDAY ONLY!!!! CODE: FSF2015

NEW Products launch Friday! Shop now at: http://www.relisedesigns.com/shop/

MORE DEALS MONDAY! THE BEST DEALS FOR RETURNING CUSTOMERS!! (you can't find it this cheap at the outfitters!)

#whitewater #OC #canoe #paddling #dirtbag #camping #gearjunkie
Texas Falls in Vermont. I had to roll between drops 2 and 3 it was scary I was trying to push myself off the wall upside down with my paddle so I could roll up but my paddle kept diving into the under cut room of doom. Finally got some leverage and pushed off and rolled up. Plugged the swamped boat off the final falls. Went over the handle bars and kind of fell out of the outfitting. Swam around for a bit then I stood up got my shit.
New fan tail spoons. Austin If I start building paddles I am sure you wouldn't block me from you page like another paddle builder did you would you?
Charli Kerns you healed enough to for the dries on Friday? Get someone else to drive.
Anyone interested in the dries of the pig  friday  Love too get some carpool action happening
Pump Battery and Charger. Both new, lightly used. $25

Located in Greenville, SC but am often in Asheville and boat all over the Southeast.
Edgar and crew have made it easy. We just add a little each.  Let's make a showing to help assure access to river a lot of us use and love!

I gave $100 - seems a both to me like a lot and also not much for a river I love. I'm sure even $25 (or less) would make a difference), especially since I get the feeling part of it is that it'd be nice having a bunch paddlers listed on the donors list.
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day 

http://boatertalk.com/forum/BoaterTalk/1052531196

#ImmersionResearch #UncleLemsOutfitters #WhitewaterOfTheSouthernAppalachians #WaldensRidgeWhitewater #ShockerzHandPaddles #PaddleSkins
Wow!
A terrible trend in the boating world. Kayakers just don't seem to eddy out like trout. Instead like logs. Please help me educate them
Section IV on black Friday????
Has anybody tried this on plastic?
Guy Ford River Access Fund Update

For those who haven't heard. We are buying the Watauga Gorge Put In. 

Wow. So far we have raised $10,000 as of 11-24-15. We are about halfway to our goal.  This project IS GOING TO HAPPEN. A few of us are ready to step in and donate thousands if necessary, but it seems much more appropriate for everyone to contribute a bit, together securing long term access to the river and protecting the environment seems worth it.

So far about 70 people have donated. We have donations from Alaska, Alabama, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Colorado, and Illinois. Several paddling clubs are also considering large donations. 

American Whitewater is planning a $5,000 donation as well, pending approval of the board. Mark Singleton and Kevin Colburn have been instrumental in this process from the beginning. 
Thank you to everyone who has donated. 

If you have not donated yet, please take the time to do so. I know several folks who just haven’t had time yet. It would be great to have the majority of the purchase money before the Dec 1st County Commissioners meeting to finalize the purchase. However, we will likely close in January, so you still have a bit of time to donate if you cant get it done before the 1st. 

Take a minute to contact 1-2 friends. Many of us likely need a prompt so we don’t forget. It would be great to see a few more names from the High Country on the donors list.

The Blue Ridge Conservancy is graciously donating their staff’s time to send thank you letters and tax credit information to donors, so we are keeping 100% of the donations, which is fantastic. 

Let me know if you have any questions. 

DONATE ONLINE
Donate Online on the Blue Ridge Conservancy’s website. The direct link is below. If you access the main site scroll down to the Watauga Rive Access tab. Donations are tax deductible.
 http://blueridgeconservancy.org/help-blue-ridge-conservancy-secure-access-to-the-watauga-river/

MAILING A CHECK
Blue Ridge Conservancy
Guy Ford River Access Project (Eric Hiegl)
PO Box 568
Boone, NC 28607
Hey all you dirtbags & adventure seekers look what's up for pre order...
Order at www.relisedesigns.com/shop/ before Dec 4!!!

Get them for everyone in all colors, shapes, sizes...kids & Tall folks like Trey Cambern ;-) Only the Highest quality for my OC buddies!

Ps- More sweatshirts to come!!!
#shopsmall #handdrawn #paddle #hike #climb #mountainbike #kayak #raft #fish #art #blackfriday Chota Canoe Club Blackfly Canoes Dirt Bag Paddlers GDI Whitewater Porn
Anyone boatin today?
What paddles do you use? And for what reason? A lot of shaft flex or not?
Great day on the Tallulah. Big thanks to Stephen Rayfield for showing me some of the lines. Here is Steve at Oceana making it look easy.
Anybody have an affordable suggestion for getting a boat from Vancouver to Toronto?
How many OC1's have fired this up. Vortex.
If'n you're up Craig County way you should check out this Virginia gem!
What seems to work best as a drysuit zipper lubricant ? I use bees wax but it doesn't seem to last very long. Is there a similar product for the gaskets.
I know it isn't even thanksgiving yet but is it really to early to start a ALF wish list? I know Daddy's Creek and Cane creek at fall creek falls  were two that I have been tellin the visitors they need to get on and got done last year. This year I hope we could get Big at the Ocoee, the Dries and Upper North. Of course the best run ever. Upper Santellia
I just joined the group. This is probably a long post for a Facebook group but here goes. I've been paddling for a little over thirty years. I paddled C1 and OC 1 in the early years but switched to K1 about eight years ago due to some knee issues. But now in my golden years I hear the open boats calling to me. I don't know if the knees will take it, but I'd like to try. Seems like open boats have changed drastically since I paddled one and I've got a ton of questions. I know all about the Royalex fiasco but I don't know a thing about the new plastic boats. They all seem to have the bulkhead thing. I always did my own outfitting and was a big fan of double thigh straps. I never cared for the Perception saddles, which is what the bulkheads look like to me. Always felt it kept my knees too close together. Also, at 6'2, 225 what would be a good boat for river running and a little creeking? Like I said, I'm pretty clueless as to 21st century open boats. Any and all help would be appreciated.
Lynch's Wrench
Can I get an ocoee visual?
Hey, Ronnie Rimmer. Remember this guy?
Here is some information on a new feature for the Splash Canoe for kids and the Bulldog canoe for OC-1 paddlers. 


Lot of open boats on Tellico today
This boat started out on the car on the right. Normally when a boat comes off the car it's the car behind that gets the boat through the windshield bow and stern painters are always a good idea
I'm not in the south but I wanna know what everyone is running these next couple days? just curious.
Michael or Keith, any info?
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1252527511439406&id=123430757682426
Anyone got a Starburst 4 sale?
Louie showed his beater for the day nominee... Here's mine
Got a question, I just got in a wreck that totaled my car. Sooooo, what are some opinions on the best ones for boaters? Thanks!
Working on the boat ride. Let everyone know later if possible, but bring 5 bucks anyway.  Know for sure in the morning.
Action on the Moose River NY
Anyone want to Tellico tomorrow?
Omega, Bear Creek @ 11-inches.  Notice more than half the flow disappearing into the sieve on the left (just out of frame) at the end of the rapid.
Does anyone make a longer version of the hand paddles that would work in a pinch in a canoe?
Just a reminder, Catoosa WMA is closed Nov 19-22 so don't attempt the Daddy's Creek takeout or you'll get fined.
Tellico is over 4 feet, just sayin
South sauty run 2moro if anybody wants to join
I need a boat transported from 4 Lauber Rd.
Akron, PA 17501 to Reynoldsville PA. Who can help a brother out? I can get you some cash or karma, just let me know. I can get it from Reynoldsville to my house via a buddy of mine that drives a big rig. Thank you my Brothers & Sisters of the Single Blade
Any open boaters in Mexico 11/20-11/28???
Watauga River Access at Guy Ford Road
As many of you know, the parking area to access the Watauga River at Guy Ford Road is privately owned. This means we could lose access at any time. We have been working to purchase the 2.3 acre property on the downstream river left side of Guy Ford for about 2 years. This is about to come to fruition, securing a permanent public access to the river. 

This site provides a put-in to the Watauga Gorge section of the river below Guy Ford Road, as well as a take-out point for Section 3.  In addition, this property will provide river access for fishing, swimming, picnicking, and other activities for residents and visitors alike.

A bit about the process
The property owner has signed a contract to sell the property.

The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and the Watauga County Tourism Development Authority (TDA) have approved large donations toward this purchase, covering over 70% of the costs associated with the purchase and initial development of the property. 

The Blue Ridge Conservancy plans to purchase this property and transfer ownership to Watauga County.

The NC Wildlife Resources Commission has pledged to assist with the development and supervision.

The remaining monies for this purchase will be raised through private donations. We need to raise approximately $20,000. This is where you come in! If you value the protection of our natural resources, and everyone’s rights to access valuable outdoor resources like the Watauga River, please consider making a donation. Any amount will help. All funds raised will be used to support access and conservation in the Watauga River Basin. 

Please feel free to call, text, email, or message me with any questions.

Edgar Peck
peckel@appstate.edu

DONATE ONLINE
Donate Online on the Blue Ridge Conservancy’s website. The direct link is below. If you access the main site scroll down to the Watauga River Access tab. Donations are tax deductible.

http://blueridgeconservancy.org/help-blue-ridge-conservancy-secure-access-to-the-watauga-river/

MAILING A CHECK
Guy Ford River Access Project (Eric Hiegl)
Blue Ridge Conservancy
PO Box 568
Boone, NC 28607
Philip Prince lets go!  be careful of siphons though!
Anyone from the Swannanoa, GA area going to be at Talullah this weekend? I need to get a paddle back to Vince Zappia.
Anyone headed to asheville coming up? I have a yaker's paddle he left in my car that needs to get back to him.
Is anyone from the RDU area headed to Tallulah this weekend? I need to get a paddle from Allen Freeman. Thanks!
Anyone coming from PA area to Tahlula? Need a L'edge transported
Is anyone from Chatty coming to Tallulah this weekend? Trying to get a boat transported, will exchange for some good WNC beer

Thanks!
NOT MY BOAT: 
The Bell Ocoee: possibly the worst whitewater hull ever made. Discuss.
Rich Moore glad you got on the dries, too bad the male boof sister said it was too low to have any fun.
Things that keep you from boating
I have created a new FACEBOOK page called The Tellico Blue Way to promote the addition of put in and take outs along the river for all forms of water sport and angling recreation. We have had a committee of volunteers and community leaders from the city of Tellico Plains,  Monroe County the state of Tennessee, TWRA,  the Forest Service working behind for several years developing a plan for family and even friendly access to this amazing river and river gorge that has many faces and personalities and is loved by so many people. Our goal is to make the river  more accessible for recreation while addressing property owners concerns. Please take a look at this page for future announcements about Blue Way expansion and hopefully Scenic River status. Afterward, LIKE and share the page if you will. Thanks
A big shout out to Vince Zappia and ZapPaddles for the use of all of those handcrafted paddles yesterday on Tahlula. It was nice seeing them handed to the openboaters just as they were starting their journey down the stairs. It looked like ancient warriors being armed to battle giants.
Thank you
Wade Harrison posted this of the dries this morning at 0730
National Wild and Scenic Rivers website needs a photo of the Horsepasture for the webpage. I know some of you gnar boaters have one worthy to share.


NOT MY BOATS: 
Bought a used dry suit. Kokatat fixed it all up for me. Yesterday when putting it on I tore the interior patch that is intended to  protect the zipper from careless stress like I gave it. Do I try to fix this or do I wait until the suit needs more repairs? It didn't seem to leak yesterday.
Does anyone in the know have info on what that water running down the mountain at the bottom of the pigeon dries was all about? Is their a check release valve/trapdoor that was opened on the penstock up near the surge tank?
I've been looking for a canoe trailer to haul the families fleet in Summer. I found this ad on Craigslist. Just look at all those boats??? Located in Lenior City, Tennessee. 
Not mine !!!
This is scary Stephen H Edwards I have one each of those, and a Zoom
Judd and I got on the Pigeon Dries today at what we would surmise to be around 1200 CFS. Pushy, fun, and very wet
The delta is, rather surprisingly, not *that* bad of a creeker
I have heard the Hiwasee Dries are running until March. I am interested in doing that sometime and would like any info on the run, how to tell the flow, best place to put-in, etc. Also it has been years since I ran the Pigeon Dries and I am not clear on how long that will be running and the best way to determine the flow. I used to have a correlation based on the Harmon Den low water bridge but I can't find it.
Tallulah tomorrow: hot lap when they open the stairs, then a slow lap meeting at the *takeout* at noon, tandem with Holly Reppert. Come join.
Karma medium c1 in great shape, Jackson c1 outfitting, for sale $650. Located in Richmond VA.
myself and the good Doctor Philip will be at the talluler put in at 1030 tomorrow am, come join us and watch me take a delta down a creek. all are welcome
Alex Vargas this would go with you tux tee shirt
Long boat Sunburst on the Tellico and Little River in the mid '80's when my beard was a bit darker than now.
I know this is more of a solo boating page but this is still a canoe. If u were to get ur hands on a really old, abandoned Tripper. How and what would be the best things to do/use to fix this canoe ?
Anyone for Wilson's creek Friday
Can anyone get a Pigeon Dries visual today?  Still 1400, but maybe one generator is on now?  That would put it around 800.
Want a boat ride across Tugaloo this weekend? Bring $5 Saturday & Sunday. We have a boat set up, but it costs money, so take some cash downriver with you. Tell your friends!
Hey, anybody have opinions to share on the Dagger Aftershock?
Can someone who has run the tellico from Stateline to North River provide any feedback? Thanks alot!
Just curious but has anyone ever seen or  done an ear dip prior to dropping off a ledge in an OC1?
any of the chatty crew want to car pool to the pig dries sat  Garrett  and I will be leaving little before 8
Shawn Malone goes big one of the best moves of the days
Why does this remind me of Louie or Bob Britt or Shawn or....:)
Pigeon dries, toying with my emotions! It was down at 500 today, but shooting straight up now.
No where to land at 500 CDs
Anyone have a good sizing chart that they know of for a oc-1 paddle?
whos my tallulah crew for saturday? looking to go slow, and taking down a delta, so ill be good entertainment...
https://www.facebook.com/groups/86814526808/
It's Plug time!!!! 

The new BigDog Dropzone OC1 plug has been finished, Pete has left out some of the finer design to keep the glass mould simple and thus stronger whilst we ensure its all perfect before going to the Alloy mould. 
Enjoy! Will shoot you the hull profile photos when this paint dries out!
Another non-whitewater question.   Suppose I want to head south from PA for class I-II 80-100 mile canoe trip at the end of the month, what rivers should I look at?  I was thinking the Buffalo in Arkansas, but there is no water.  I may need an outfitter for shuttle and primitive riverside camping and scenery are a must.
Two out of state boaters liking for a crew.  Anyone up for Wilson, FB IX, or Noli?
Big slides, aesthetic drops, Southern Appalachians and...... a canoe.

West Fork French Broad 

North Fork French Broad 

Watauga Gorge

Tallulah Gorge

Blackfly Canoes & Fall Line Canoes
PaddleGuide.com Group For Paddlers - https://www.facebook.com/groups/128270927295513
Hey you! YEA YOU! Let me borrow your tandem this Sunday for a Tallulah lap :) will pay with mediocre beer (how can you pass that up!?)
Hiwassee Dries Running Today?  Parking Situation?
I see so much that everyone is doing that I respect and admire.  So much readily available video of the glory of the day.  Crusty old guy that I am I will speak of how it was in another day, back in the 80's, when Mike Miller had his shop in Roswell, and Bruce Hare had winter SE headquarters at the Chattoga Whitewater Shop, and what's his face (Roger?) was selling boats off the top of his car at the Ocoee.  Anyone's first Section IV was epic, to them at least, and the Ocoee had so many different measures of performance, like what did you do where?  And then we went to confront our manhood and otherwise bravery at the Gauley. Talk of a more serious demon at Russell Fork was heresy, and other witches spoke of the Cheat.
Noli Bear is being released. Check out Appalachian Bear Rescue.
Saturday the 14th: pigeon dries if it is below 500. Backup plan, Hiwassee dries. Or LRC if it holds. Or Tallulah.  All I know is Saturday is the day for me.
running the powell trail section of LRC on Wed.   5 miles of class 2 with 2 class 3's.  It' puts in below bottleneck,    Let me know if your interested.   Meeting at Canyon Mouth Park at 9:00
Evening greenbrier run today. Anybody?
Will be at the sinks some time in the late morning. See you there.
quake mystery
Wife said had to be black
Yesterday was a blast!  Paddling in at 10 inches was fun. Jordan and Alex let all the kayakers know just what open boaters are made of. I got pointed at a lot and stayed upright, so I guess I did, too?
So who got the Ion?
Your OC1 champ at the Green Race, Jordan Poffenberger. Alex Vargas finished second
Steven got these shot of the Dries at 900. I stole them but didn't makes any money off them.
Jackson Levator Mount Perspective.  Works?
Hope nobody caught that!
Green Race: 
Vargas lays down a solidly sub 10 minute canoe time;
Poffenberger slays his own OC-1 time, taking another 50 seconds off the course record;
Poffenberger also takes a whopping 24 seconds off the C1 record, tying for the 6th fastest overall time.  Beast.

Full results:
I always wondered why it was the show me state.
Shannon Hammond
49 mins · 
REVISED SCAM ALERT: I recently had this guy, supposedly a river guide from Bleckley, WV, private message me asking if I knew of anyone who wanted to buy 2 boats cheap because he's moving & must sell. His photo & information had recently appeared in several GA kayaking related facebook groups that I am a member of as a possible scammer, so fortunately I wasn't scammed...however many others have been. Lots of people, from WV to GA, have reported shady dealings with him like: him asking people to wire money to him 1st before he delivers the item; or that he has a relative who works at post office so he can ship large objects like paddles; & that several people have also reported that they drive hours to meet him for a deal & that he never shows; or he's taken money for a deal & says an emergency came up, & he leaves & never returns or calls. The items he is "selling" may vary...I've seen rafts, paddles, kayak, camping gear, etc.
Since the original scam alert that was posted on 10/27/15, his facebook page is no longer active, either due to him deleting it or facebook blocking it since it was reported as a fraudulent account. However, should he resurface again, please do not accept a "Friend Request" from him & if you are already "Friends" with him, I urge you to "Unfriend" him because he likes to troll your "Friends" list for potential victims.
IF YOU HAVE BEEN SCAMMED BY HIM: Please contact Officer Pack of the City of Oak Hill (Fayette), WV Police Department, and report you case & file a police report if needed. Their phone number is: 304-465-0596. You may also reach him via email at ohpdjrpack@gmail.com Also, please do not try to contact Jeff Johnson. Please let the proper authorities handle it as any interferences may hinder the case.
Best wishes to all & I hope this helps!
Greenbrier: 2.5. Been holding for almost 4 hours now
Sick! Props to Vargas and Poff for holding it down Saturday.
Chad Lewis and ......well you know who wears blaze orange with a dead animal on his head
Truck is ready now need to do a little welding and outfitting  to get the boat ready
Tandem?  Yessir... Ridge Spirit Outfitting
So I noticed the dries were above 1000 for most of the weekend, did anyone get some?
I just bought a canoe at an estate sale.  I know this is a whitewater group, but i figured someone here would know what  the black pads just forward of the seat are.  I'm stumped.
Ready to haul boat to Mexico. Powder coat black or leave Stainless Steel?
Seems like posting trips here that are Class III or less is kinda like fishing in a rain puddle but: 

Full Toe run Sunday. Post up if interested.
Anyone going to pigeon dries this weekend?
So was it 9 inches with 500 from the Creeks kickin in and who won?
The smacktalk has begun.  Is anyone giving Robert Wiggins a run for his money?
Time to strap a set of Yakama's on these and put them on the Lobo's bed.
http://www.zapiks.fr/canyon-line-les-equipees-sau-1.html

New whitewater sport
CAUTION - Water Bottle battery owners.

This photo is the lid that allowed water to get inside my battery and ruin it after less than 6 months.  There is almost no glue left around where the lid screws to the bottle, and the glue around the top where the wiring comes in isn't even completly surrounding the opening, so the wire was able to move in and out within the hole that was supposed to be secured.  Water could have gotten in from either compromised location.  The batteryspace people refused to replace my battery for no charge, even though it is clear that their assembly of the lid was faulty.  I will not purchase any more batteries from them since they don't stand by their workmanship.  I caution you to secure your lid in both places with tape and don't rely on the glue being adequate.
Okay. I'm tired of taking my airbags and covers out after every trip.  What is the general consensus-- leave them in all the time or take them out after each trip?   I'm afraid they may mildew some if I don't   Or am I being too anal?  Yes, I'm lazy too😀😀
Matt Kelso with the first OC descent of this stout... Corner Pocket.
Anyone want the dries sunday?
It's that time of year again!!
Ryan Glasser
Matt Devoe is going to Watauga tomorrow if any one cares
Watauga for my first time tomorrow? Any takers?
There's a chance the Big Laurel will be running tomorrow and there's a chance I could paddle. Any other canoes have this on their agenda for tomorrow? It's about a 3 hour drive for me. I'd like to be ready to paddle around 11 or 1130. It's been 10 years since I paddled it. All I remember was that it was a blast.
Kayaks I should try because they'd make good c-1s. Go.
Late fall OC creek run on the Grasse river New York state.
http://www.cureuv.com/loctite-3103-flex-uv-curing-adhesive-25ml.html?gclid=Cj0KEQiAsNyxBRDBuKrMhsbt3vwBEiQAdRgPstmIjueMXqN57KVeHMVue4Uqmf6J6WlFSZvzT0vq8YQaArZy8P8HAQ

So has anybody though to use UV Curing adhesive to fix cracked boats? I
I am looking for examples of whitewater parks that are shorter or only include a few features ie: a wave or hole. Or urban whitewater parks. If you could let me know the name and location or better yet send me a link I would greatly appreciate it.
My run wasn't nearly as pretty. My excuses....it was too low, my boat was too wide, it was too tall, the sun was in my eyes, a bird distracted me.... no, no, I just beatered the boof. Rolling is not overrated.#thisishowweroll #notatrick #1shot #rollorbust #dontswim #justlikeinthepool #nailedit #thankgod
This is for sale in S. Oregon.  Does anybody have any idea what it is?  The seller has no clue.  Looks like one of those hollow saddles I think.  Might be worth it just for the saddle.


Looks like NFFB is the best bet for Tuesday.
Ran he Ocoee for the first time on 11/1/15.  It was awesome,  but lost an elbow pad.  Any help finding it would be appreciated.
Do y'all know anybody who has 1 thigh/knee brace for sale or barter? Needed for Dagger Phantom repair/improvement. Thanks!
Takers for Davidson, Laurel, something similar for Tuesday?
Encore overhaul, Phase 1.
Bob Britt, Chris Beck said that he sent you the Dagger sticker file a while back. Wondering if you might still have it.
LRC 341cfs and rising 22 an hr... that was an hr ago and its raining all day, going around 11 if anybody wants to join
Go paddle tomorrow somewhere. Message me; I'll go wherever the rain is. Creeks preferred.
My Zephyr is still taking up valuable space, so I lowered the price a bit. $500 for the boat as shown.  Another $300 gets the Bomber Bags. Located near Lexington VA. Send an email or phone # if you want more pics.
How long are the Pigeon Dries running? Dam repairs?
After seven years on the Sport Tract these are goin on the LOBO. Time to start welding this rack system together. Nice try Yakama you almost made them where they couldn't be used on anything else.
So as I scroll this morning I see they worship us over at the church of the training paddle !!! How bout that ?
Getting my GDI Look. Now just need a canoe....
Some single sticking on the Green at 200%. It's rowdy in there!
Via Tom Zimmerman: Hiwassee Dries will run through till March starting tomorrow. 2800 cfs to start out, but will fluctuate depending on rainfall.
If anybody can dig up the pigeon dries clips from Paddle Snake Hunters, that would be cool. seen ol MBL and company running it at highwater in long boats
Ryan Glasser Chinesee Algerbra
Keith Clark
Late notice I know, but is anyone headed from Chattanooga to green race this week that could bring a saddle from Matt Todhunter to myself? Good Asheville beer is your reward...
Who's running it?
A little higher today.
Jeff Richards
Keith Clark when he sold his last Blackfly it cracked the next trip. Over the last nine months he tries to get just one too many trips on this one. Blackfly for sale, only welded once
What were the dries at today? Do we have a level estimate for tomorrow? How fast are they dropping? Only ever one run them, and really high, but I'm intrigued. It's either that or 19 inch green and that seems stressful.
does anyone have a copy of the second paddle snack Milt did long ago?
Flying with my boat today........Cost me a whole $25 to fly my boat from Toronto to Vancouver.....!!!!
Jeff Richards seal launch that was probably higher than the rapid
Keith Clark
Jeff Richards
Seth O'Shields. Don't worry about your rough day KeithClark a bad one too video to follow 450 was just to much water.
Jeff Richards
Keith Clark
A viable business plan is all about studying your market.
4 open boat 1 yak
This took some skill...
Looking for a mtn bike rack, to fit in my trailer hitch, holler if you know anyone that has one for sale, thanks
My father in law is pulling t-shirts out from the archives.
Esquif pocket canyon
Expedition solo canoe....

New seat location, 48" front float bag... Now i can strap 3x 60 liters and 1x30 liters barrell...

All the strap are link by a quick connect buckel... Easy to load and unload... My favorite canoe :)
Andy Yaughn and I will be at the Ocoee put in at 10am tomorrow if you want to join.
Keith Clark, Richard Guin  what time on Saturday? Clark has to work that evening and I need to be back at a decent hour myself. Richard drive to LC and I will drive from here.
This is 480 if u subtract 600 from 1080.
selling our lite ledge.  this one has been used but not abused.  mostly used for class 2-3 river running.  has a pump and a set of slightly leaky red Mohawk bags.  900 obo.  located in ne TN.
I am looking for roof racks to fit a 99 toyota camry. Anyone know where I can get some?
Does anyone have video of the pigeon dries that isn't the two that are already on YouTube?
So do any of the chatty crew want to ride   Garrett MaysShawn Malone
Who is in for some dries action  Fri or sat??????
NOT MY BOAT: 
Dries: water is 7 inches above the concrete base at the first submerged brick. 4 River right bricks visible.
thanks Matt Haughee for showing us down and the sweet edit. we went back a week or two later and cleaned up the lines
This could be handy sometime - 


I have a question...does the monster holes on really big water tend to keep you in them as bad as our southern creeking style holes? I know that it is a weird question, but I watch kayaks wash through the large chunder holes on the Zambezi where I assume they would be stuck...
Imma check the Pigeon dries around 10 am. If it's running Keith Clark and I are going for it. Would be good to have one or two more along for the ride.
Anyone for Davidson? I'm 2 hours from the hatchery, and can leave at once.
Future canoe paddle!
Anyone from Asheville heading to the Ocoee this weekend? I have a boat that needs a ride - I'll pay for gas :)
Future bed racks for the Lobo. About 7 inches above the tonto cover so I carry boats with the cover in place but still roll the cover all the way to the front. Should save gas takin the boat to Mexico behind the cab and not on top of it.
Come out and Check out Canoe Movie 2 Thursday night at The Millroom in Asheville. We'll also be raffling off a SUP package worth $2000! Come support the new Asheville Whitewater Park! $1 from every beer sold goes toward the fund...as well as all proceeds from the door! Come on out! We'll start things arround 6ish and go til about 1am! Come hang in Asheville while you prep for the Green race!
I was afforded the opportunity last weekend to paddle the Zap Paddle (Vince Zappia’s latest model 10/8/2015) canoe paddle.

As I eyed the paddle the first thing that stood out was the craftsmanship.  This paddle is truly a work of art.  My next response as I held it was how light weight it felt.  I then performed a flex test and was impressed with how flexible it was.  In the water the blade demonstrated a lot of power.  One or two strokes I was up to wham/bam hull speed.  It had good balance in connecting my strokes.  It did not take me long to adjust to the paddle.  The lower shaft which is more of a rectangular shape was appealing to my hand.  It was easy to find my comfortable hand position.  The cigar shaped tapered t-grip provides substantial grip to hold and the natural finish keeps the paddle firmly in my hand.  Don’t let this light weight beauty fool you.  This is one tough paddle.

Thank you Vince for allowing me to enjoy this paddle.
Greenbrier is rising. 1.4 and the water is a kaleidoscope of tannins and multi-colored leaves.
One my d-rings holding in my air bags has come loose.  What is the best method for cleaning the area, gluing, and securing said d-ring?  which glue is safe for Royalex?  It's a Dagger rival.  Thanks guys...it'll be my first boat repair.
One has to wonder just how long they had been rolling with a single blade..
It's Lewis's favorite kind of post, counting the eggs
I don't know if this is the one but I remember  one where the guy said after doin it "it was big, it was fast and it hurt.
I know it's kayaking but it's cool as hell.
Alex and I messing around on the Green yesterday
Old school
Michael Bruce Lewis pushing rubber....( it popped up on a non boater friends page, it was her trip)
Some shots by Dennis from the Russell fork at 1000 yesterday, didn't see a single other open boat out there all day.
LEdge for sale, selling to fund a new tandem rig.  No welds. $800 and will help with delivery. PM for details
We're putting together the 2016 tour. Which western locations need some canoe love next summer?

If you're out west and would like to organize a demo day for 2016, give me a shout
Christopher Handley Arkansas open boat creekin
Admin can remove if not in line with policy for this site. Many in this group have probably hiked one of these trails. You may live near enough and care enough to help out for future generations. Could think of it as a "first descent" of what is already one of the best hikes.
Ocoee tomorrow?
All I want for Christmas
What water temperature can be expected on the Middle Ocoee tomorrow?
I feel honored to be assembling this classic boat. Certifiably the very last "new" Whitesell Descender!
just registered for green race this year. who's my competition? 20th anniversary race, we need to have a good solid and styley open boat showing... Alex Vargas, shall we have a rematch on MY home run?
Fall break about over. Wife has learned that from the end of Russell Fork till the rain in Dec comes if she wants jobs around the house done she better get me to do them now.
Here you go Andy Yaughn. In super slo mo! Need more water and less boat
1st Drop. Bailey Canyon.
Been lookin for a good duck hunting canoe/tripper... found this deal, thoughts? 17ft too long?
NOT MY BOAT:  
Hiking at Oh Be Joyful today.
Great week-end at MooseFest
For all of us mortal paddlers, a fun weekend of class 2 & 3 whitewater on the Russell Fork
Can anyone  help out pushing rubber  Sunday on the Nanny,  It is for a great cause  and this could the the highlight of some of these kids life so far.  https://www.facebook.com/events/851468884911744/
Sleds?

Canada's new PM is a paddler
Old school.
https://vimeo.com/143003396

Russell Fork from a couple weeks back. Some sloppy bow placements in here but we lived to tell about it.
gotta love seeing Ewan Cambell, a 13 year old, rolling old school canoes.
Y'all know anybody heading to the Russell Fork Race that could transport a few pottery medals via I-65North? Current location in Birmingham, but able to meetup if in transit. Unable to deliver in person. Thanks.
YOUVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! GCA is closing off the Tallulah during a scheduled release for a race? And it's invitation only?!
2015 Japan OC meeting
dry line at low water 7 ft
Just in case you are ever by yourself and need to check to see if you brake lights are working on your trailer.... This PSA is brought to you by Aqua-Bound Edge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRDxtxBtTu4

Anybody familiar with this beat down spot?
Lewis


Found....gear in middle of road at Ocoee takeout....
Tommy has started boatin again
I'm gonna put this out there one more time, is anyone going to the Russell Fork this weekend from the Cleveland, TN area and potentially able to bring one more canoe with them? :D
Vance Barnes lost his Bailey Blade (paddle) on Section 4 yesterday. He thinks it's stuck in right crack. It's got his name and number on it.please get the word out I really hope he gets it back.
Sunday, 10am at the 76 bridge, Sec. 4
Some footage from the Levator Mount in my Option. 1080HD is best
We will post a picture of his bruse later.
Enjoy the Russell Fork 
Have Fun, Go Fast, Be Safe
The Beavers got loose yesterday on Island Creek. I was planning to cut a few logs near the end of the run but was surprised to find a 28" hemlock had fallen across the rapid just below Cave Rapid.  It's located on the sliding drop with the tombstone rock on the left. My poor 18" chain saw was struggling. Tyler Lowe and I managed to cut all the limbs off of the massive tree and managed to notch a cut or two in it too. Let's hope the next rain event brings Island Creek up to a high level to wash it all down stream. Be cautious on the next run as I have no idea where these logs are going to end up. I did the best I could but was a little overwhelmed with such large timber.
PLEASE VOTE FOR MY GREEN RACE SHIRT DESIGN RIGHT NOW!!!
Click here: http://greenrace.amongstit.com/
(btw-It's the only one that showed the open boaters some love)

It take just a second. They spelled my name Rachel Ellis...smh, whatevs...the design looks like the attached photo.

VOTING ENDS THE 18th!! Thanks a bunch!!!
Bookum when I saw you had done RF at release level I was thinkin canoe and damn what a man, then I remembered about your raft.
any openboaters in Montana?
TVCC SAT
Looking if anyone will be at the lower yough this Sunday
Gauley this weekend. Lower Saturday, not sure about Sunday yet. Who's interested?
Let's go boating!
Does anyone on this site who uses pumps use the Water Bottle battery from batteryspace.com?
Brand new large fluid Dope hull (playboat.) For sale. $400 OBO. The dope is a fun c1, I paddled one for years. This one is a hull that I never ended up converting. Also I have a used medium fluid nemesis for sale - make offer. Hit me up with any questions or interest. Thanks ! :)
in reaction to a thread on open canoe slalom... how many people who regularly paddle and are half decent ww boaters would choose a slalom over a day of creekin on the Tellico?
Looking for opinions, What is a lightly used Spanish Fly worth? Normal scratches, about 6-7 yrs old.
Is anyone from the RDU area going to Russell Fork this weekend?  I have a paddle that needs a ride from Durham.  Thanks.
Just got my deposit in the mail for a new option. Looking to get it from Blackfly world hq to the southeast, preferably sometime around green race/Tallulah season. Also looking to get my current one from green race to FullGnarlz Nation. GDI shipping network, I need you. Anyone think they can help?
Can you use pumps on the Ocoee race?
Hey guys I need to borrow a handfull of rafts the weekend of oct 25  to use on the Nanty with the Whitewater Healing.
Keith Clark and Jeff Richards now what day did it have enough this weekend?
boof at accelerator.  scooter, jacob clark,  bill mckinley and others.
Mark
Louie becoming a club boater
Warm and sunny here in CO.
Hey GDI friends please like me and my boy, we would like to win this #kayaksession photo comp in our #esquif canoe!
Got me the new Octane 91 and I love it; now I want an 85 too. If you have one for sale give me a shout.
If you didn't make it to GAF you weren't anywhere.
Hello all,

Just a reminder that the Peachtree City roll practice sessions start on Sunday 10/25/15 (two weeks from tonight).

We will meet at the Kedron Aquatic Center in Peachtree City from 5 pm to 7pm. Please arrive at the facility about 4:30 pm to fill out paperwork and be ready to go at 5 pm when the pool becomes available for our use. Also, please be sure that your boat is clean - there is no hose available at the pool so you will need to rinse off your boat before you arrive.

The details will be the same as last year. The cost per session will be $6 for GCA members and $10 for non-members. You will also need ACA insurance which is an additional $5 unless you are an ACA member. You will need your ACA membership card or number in order to get credit for ACA membership. 

This is a very nice, large facility. It is large enough to bring your canoe or sea kayak to roll and still leave plenty of room for other people. The water and facility are heated but aren't hot in my opinion. Some people roll in just a rash guard but I am usually too cool that way. If you get cold easily you might want to bring a couple of layers with you the first time until you have an opportunity to see how the temperature works for you. There are nice changing rooms with showers for after roll practice.

Many times a group of us will go to Mellow Mushroom afterwards for dinner. You are all welcome to join us.

If you have any questions (or if you have a burning desire to come to Peachtree City and teach me to roll my canoe - :-)) please feel free to contact me at lshkayaker@gmail.com.

Lisa
Deer Creek rapid Bailey's Canyon.
A few Shots from Yesterday's race! I'm still adding shots over 600 shots to go through so i'm hoping to be done by tomorrow.

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.987264541312089.1073741863.179314478773770&type=1&l=0901cfe8e9
Follow up to last post so it's out in public. Don't know who won short oc1, I'm sure someone can inform. I'd be curious as to the winning short oc time as well and how it compared to the long times. Interesting to see Jerrod Jones times less than 30 seconds apart between boats, makes you wonder how much faster long really is against dry modern boats.
PPatrick Kellerdon't feel bad man finished fourth in by division too
Rafting on the green
Free to a good home: 1 very lonely Esquif Nitro hull. It is beat and would be a project boat. Come and get it, or I could possibly meet at a river. I will get some pictures up tomorrow. 
Trade for beer: Two float bags that hold air kind of ok. They fit the above mentioned Nitro and are totally repairable, I've just moved to Bomber Bags. 
$20: Canoe foot pegs for outfitting I no longer have. I guess they could go in a kayak too, but why subject yourself to that? 
Pump Bits: 1 Pump, switch, pelican case and battery. It was in the Nitro when I bought it and worked then, but I haven't used it since. It's yours if you pay shipping. 

Pictures will be posted shortly.
Ocoee Results
Chattooga tomorrow?
That Hollywood Bowl is the real deal!
Only 9 seconds separated first and second place oc long at the Ocoee race today, and I believe both beat the previous course record... good to see yall out there with some clean lines and fast times today. Training days 364 to next year...
Greenbrier 1.9. Too dark to see if it's muddy
How was super max?
One of the high lights of the day was gettin to talk to Keith Sprinkle and seein the starter girl was good too
Second single sticker to leave the starting line fifth one to cross the finish line. Alex who started 60 second behind me passed me at broken nose in a ridiculously long boat. Wiggy who started 120 second behind me passed me at second helping. He is in a even more ridiculously and longer boat. Noah in a C-1 who started four minutes behind me passed me at slingshot. Ryan who started three minutes behind me finished 30 seconds after me. I waited on him at both smoke stops but was getting cold and had to start paddlin again. The guy in the Viper who started a minute before me I never saw him after Gonzo shoals. I did see Alex and Wiggy leavin the doldrums as I was pull in to them. Been a long time since I have the done the whole Ocoee without gettin out of my boat........I stayed in my boat for both smoke stops.
I just got a Hiawasse dries trip report sounds like a pretty exciting day
Is it possible to have a canoe that can do both a lake trip and Hiwassee type water for the whole family and their stuff? Maybe 350 lbs of people?
How are things going in the Carolinas?  News up north is that you have some pretty serious water going on .... Thinking of MJ and Psycho living beside their river ....
Call out!   Ocoee race tomorrow!  Really fast tandem hull Caption here ready to shred all else.  Can't get there yet from Dahlonega!  Come get me and gear and win Category!
Pumps are lamer than a bent lampshade
good deal for someone looking for a lake boat 
Official Schedule of Events for the Ocoee Race:

8:30      Volunteer Check In (expect Safety Boaters*) (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
9:00      Mandatory Check In (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
10:15 Check In Closed
10:30 Mandatory Safety Meeting (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
11:00 Racing begins
6:00      After party benefiting Team River Runner (O.A.R. Riverside Pavilion)

*Those that are only safety boaters please be there for the 10:30 safety talk.
My first ever canoe!! Ye haw!! Can't wait to get er outfitted and start using er!
So here is a question many of you know the answer too.  Whats the deal with the bear claw?
Anyone up for the Hiawassee Dries this week? Wednesday Thursday Friday?
ok! so I have a canoe. To be exact, I have an Esquif Nitro. It has nothing at all in it but 2 d rings and the cord that holds the bags in. I need to outfit it on very little money (college sucks). So how do i go by doing this? I don't want knee straps, i would rather have all foam and i also need some bags and i don't have the money to buy anything new!! give me some advice people!! i want to get this beauty up and running as soon as possible!!
ElDO Brewing had been tagged . Crested Butte, Co .
Digitized some old documents over lunch.

1. River Canoeing Manual. 1957. Southeastern PA American Red Cross.
2. Canoeing Safety Outline. 1963. Betty and Dave Morris.
3. PSOC Canoe Division Constitution & Bylaws. Year unknown.


I have a gyromax in Cincinnati that needs a ride south. As close to Atlanta as possible. It has a few places in Chattanooga it can stay if that's as far as you're going.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
No foot pegs or brackets were in this, Installing a set of less lengthy brackets should be straight forward. Suggestions? Using the Pyranha measurements as a guide.
Take a minute
Hear you go Philip Prince old school rodeo
Maybe you should send the Nature Boy an invite.
NOT MY BOAT: 
Is that a Ledge in the background?
FREE: Wavesport EZG 60 hull. Come and get it or bring post-paddle beer to a river somewhere
Is anyone able to bring my canoe from Cleveland, TN to the Russell fork the weekend of the 16th? Can compensate with gas money, beer, sexual favors.......
Does the Nantahala run during the week? Fall break family camping trip time.
Hyside one person duckies for sale they are early 2000 vintage and in good shape $350... pm for more details
Yahoola
Here is the Link for price- just so I can stay anonymous!!! 
 http://www.roho.co.uk/watersports/Silverbirch-Covert-9-3-.html
Who paddle tomorrow (Tue)? III-IV
Funny Day on Tewkesbury up here in Quebec city!


Yahoola Creek Gorge, NE Georgia Sunday
Jeff Richards and Richard Guin
Judd Lefeber and I grabbed a lap on the West Fork of the Pigeon, one of my favorite creeks in the Smokies
1080HD is best
Finally got a chance to run a local drop.  :)   Super Fun.
New Boat old paddler with a screw stickin out of his leg bone. Right and left line on the knee
Time for the howler to shine.
Our local gem is legal again, and with rapids like 'Bambi Meets Godzilla' you can't help but fall in love with a kickass run like this.
Only  4 open boats racing the Ocoee race period!?!?   Could use some tandem competition too....   No ladies representing oc1 or oc2 either,  there is a sup though.
Some enders n shit. 

http://youtu.be/G0NCfVrKqMU
Where's the ocoee race registration link? I want to race but can't find it
Here is a Park n Huck in New Hampshire. this drop is Frogtown Creek in North Ga's yankee cousin. strikingly similar
So that anyone can understand, I have been out of the boating game for so long over legal issues of my driving status.  It is a simple matter that one cannot boat a river if they cannot get to the river with gear.  I am struggling with numerous legal issues which always come to involve money.I am so close and I look forward to seeing you all soon.
Surfing point break on the Kann River in Alberta Canada.
What Hurricane? The one that is 500 miles out in the Atlantic? Thank you America Kayaker, always takin care of us, particularly when we don't want you to.
Holly walked across 'Murica!
Shawn Malone found my old canoeing badge from the Boy Scouts!
Funniest thing I've read all day on here.
Anyone near Fayetteville WV care to help us set shuttle for the New? We've only got one vehicle and are headed to Cunard now. I know it's a long shot but thought I'd throw it out.
Big Creek running at 2.9 per Brent at 11:45AM
Caught the Toe at a prime level Friday. Most folk stick to the short gorge section but the section between hwy 80 and Toecane is a really special intermediate run. I want to call it Nolito but it has a character all of its own. At the right flow it's easily the equivalent of FB Barnard to Stackhouse, but in all my runs I've only seen one other crew above Toecane.
Greenbrier: 1.9 admins got their heads out of their asses long enough to open the gates too!
Hate!
No we still ain't got what we need here but the latest NOAA current radar is finally showing a good chance for somethin close to what they been talkin about since Thursday. The Pigeon dries would be my first choice because it has been so long since I have got to do it. However with out a solid visual the Tellico area gives us a wider range of choices, Tellico or Cittico with fair rain, Conasauga, North or Bald with really fair rain, Double Camp, Wildcat, Santellia, Yellow, Upper North or Bullet with really good rain also a secret one Richard won't let
me talk about. All 13 of those are one hour or less drive time.
The NPS bureaucrats in charge of the GRSM are a joke. Apparently they don't know how to read their own rain gauges or how to interpret weather radar before making decisions that affect the public.
Because of the fact that everything was goin to flash, and stuff was goin to be blown out, with biblical amounts of water and it going to be the water event of our life time, I decided to wait till tomorrow to boat when we might have more water. While I was at home I dug a hole for a post and despite the fact so many people were talking about how saturated the ground was, after the first two inches of dirt the ground was dry below that. Yano down closer to the WATER TABLE. Now in Jan I figure the ground will be saturated. It is still October her.
I definitely buy in to the self reliance of SUGYS. But sometimes the focus needs to shift to self-preservation, in which case it would become SUGYATS.
Look at the USGS gauge for Tellico now. Not straight up but pretty darn steep. 1.49 almost non desperate min.
Please look at the NOAA current Doppler Radar this is first time since all this started that we are gettin what we have been lookin for. Should this storm track not change over night we might finally get enough rain to do something good tomorrow.
Tellico has hit 1.3 and holding Watauga has quit droping and holdin a little above 400. Sounds like Cheoah tomorrow........oh wait
That is right AW said it was canceled.
Greenbriar Road is closed at Highway 321
Headed to big creek in the smokies now, should be a good level for the afternoon
Anyone boating today, where.
Anyone boating in the Smokies tomorrow on something a shredder can fit down? Seth O'Shields? Greenbrier? Our plan was for the New tomorrow, but it's not going to be coming down anytime soon. We're looking for something to hit on the way back to Chattanooga from WV.
Hi looking for a ride for a boat from NJ to NC if ay one can help out that would be sick. Thanks
$650 Selling my Bliss Stick, Mystic Creeker. Its in great shape its only been paddled probably 12 times, With air bags, skirt. Also have some other goods ..PM if anyone's interested..Knoxville area, Sweetwater and Spring City area
First place I ever saw him
Greenbrier: still holding at 2.2 and clear.
Looking for a good creeker kayak to convert to c1 on the cheap... Who  what, when , where?
This is pretty neat
That looks like a canoe more so than a kujak, which makes more sense.
Window in Fayetteville WV
What's your typical GoPro setting for whitewater paddling?
CChris Kingyou are right 1.3 is low. I can't believe they called you a water snob
Breakfast with the Girls!!
So sense WRWW  is sucky now    what flow page is the best to use
anyone doing after-work greenbrier?
So did you all find something that wasn't "flashin" Tellico has stopped dropping and is on a gentle upward slop. I am not sure LOC's guess about Watauga hittin 1000 sometime today is goin to happen, or did he say 10,000?  I will wait and see what tonight and tomorrow brings but what has been billed as "biblical" and "the greatest rain event of our life's" proberly ain't. September and October are the two driest months of
the year. Hurricanes really need hit SC or NC to get the shit up. 500 miles off the coast is going to flood the coastal counties for sure the Mountain ones, not so much. Hope I am wrong, I mean there is a first time for everything
First run through Pillow with an Austin Crane creation. It is a fine piece of work.
Coosa River Rodeo, 1990 at latest in the Vertigo.  I bought the Vertigo at the previous year rodeo auction.
Anyone in the Knoxville area want to paddle today in the afternoon?
For the dirt bag paddlers on here Advance Auto parts has their silicone spray on sale for $3. If like me tomorrow will be the first time you will be wearin your dry suit or dry top for the first time this year you might want to spray the wrist and neck gaskets, both inside and out...tonight and again tomorrow morning.
Read on, if you care why "The canoe is also the vagina of the Mother of the Forest."

from Joan Halifax's The Fruitful Darkness: 

        A respect for trees is well understood among the Warao, who live in the Orinoco delta of Venezuela along the Caribbean seaboard. Wa means "canoe," and arao means "people": the People of the Canoe. The Warao believe that the forest is a tribe of animated bushes, palms, and trees. Some of them were given origin by old gods, others are metamorphosing, and still others have always been "tree people." The red cachicamo tree, used for canoes, is thought of as the Mother of the Forest, known as Dauarani. She is the guardian of the forest, and in earlier times, she prohibited the killing of large mammals and the unauthorized felling of palms and trees. 
        "The trees and palms, to the Warao, are like other people with whom they have kinship ties and trade relations. When a Warao man wants to become a master canoe maker, he must first receive an invitation from Dauarani, the Mother of the Forest. If he is granted permission to create a new canoe, he is in effect sacrificing one of the daughter of Dauarani. Before he cuts down one her daughters, both Dauarani and the victim, her daughter, must consent to the act. 
           If permission is given, the canoe maker-initiate and a shaman-intercessor approach the tree-maiden, who appears in the shape of a young woman with a comb in her hair and a necklace of blue, white, and red beads. Before the work crew arrives, the shaman-intercessor sings to her: "Don't become upset. Be happy and smile at me. I am like your own offshoot. I am the one you accepted. I am fond of you. I came to touch your body, to caress you lovingly." 
         The maiden smiles and replies. "You are a neophyte master canoe builder. I can tell from your new ornaments. Do with me according to your vision: Kill me and thrust me down on the very soil that raised me." The tree-maiden and shaman-intercessor continue this dialogue until the work crew draws near. She then enters the tree that is to be sacrificed. 
          The shape of the canoe, when completed, is like a vagina, and each time the man enters his canoe, he enters the daughter of the Mother of the Forest. The canoe is also the vagina of the Mother of the Forest.
Greenbrier: 2.2 and clear. Hard to tell if going up or down.
Just because most of the gauges and turning down I think that is just last nights no rain period. What we had this morning should turn them back up.....a little. Ya'll do realize this stalled front is goin to give us more water than a hurrican that ain't even goin tomake land fall is don't Ya?
When we see this storm tract, then we can start talkin about mega flows
Finally made it to West By God....
http://www.canoekayak.com/canoe/tiny-home-with-built-in-canoe-locker/?utm_content=bufferb5d51&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer#zfvYLDSgVVY87EOo.97
For all you tiny home wannabees.......
Has anyone paddled a Esquif Paradigm? I haven't heard anything really positive about it! Any of you like it? If so why?
Pulled this one off the rocks this summer...
Here's a question: Paddle length per height of person and why? Go.
Big creek: Low; maybe under 1', but it is hard to tell. There seemed to be a high water line on the concrete just under 3', but I don't see how that could have happened. Water was still clear. Rained steady during our Pigeon lap.
All this paddle talk. FS Werner Nantahala 58" like new. $125 + ship.
Greenbrier: 4' something and chocolate
No Cheoah
I've ordered mine!
Everyone ready for the Toxaway dam to bust again?
It it has food in it, it's no different than a garbage can, or a picnic basket.  

a kujaker came up to me and seriously asked if this was a Dagger...
If this 3-day prediction is right, WNC is going to be going off like crazy this weekend.
Took a hard hit to my right shoulder on a creek Monday, didn't dislocate but in quite a bit of pain depending on movement. Whats the consensus on ice vs. heat?
https://youtu.be/j5JJ5SyyAw0 this was filmed Saturday at GAF. Sorry for the quality. It was recorded wwith my phone.
Greenbrier: 1.45 and raining steadily. Water is still clear.
For TBT, my contribution collection is titled "Young man in yellow helmet".  Clear Creek in the T-Slalom.  I didn't hang out long in eddies like that on a sunny afternoon for fear of impalement.   Coosa River Rodeo, 1990 at latest in the Vertigo.  Jawbone 1985 or so.  I'm apparently running sweep for this trip, according to that first aid kit up front.  The lead boat first aid kit  goes downstream at Jawbone before the trip comes down.
If your media player will allow you to play it in fast forward, it looks like someone stirred an angry nest of skittles.
Not my boat: 
Who paddles open boats tomorrow (Thursday)?
Anyone interested in running chattooga on saturday? Willing to run any section but really want to learn section 3.5 and 4. Have not run either in hard boat so hoping someone could show me the way down.
I am tryin to show a guy at work that video of the race at alf. I al lookin for the one that is shot lookin back up stream at white curtain. The one that somebody said it looked like a pack of Skittles bein pour down a set of stairs. Anyone remember the name or who shot it?
I SOOOO wish I had taken a before and after picture of the Mitchell blade Steve just repaired for me.  I don't think anyone could have done better.  I am SO impressed  :-)
Austin Crane who has been makin boats forever is now makin wooden paddles. I will post the picture of the one he is buildin for Chad Lewis
Kanawha falls in WV. Great training ground for waterfall lines.
So. Who's thinking about doing the Ocoee race this year?  It's usually followed by a good awards ceremony and one of the best party's of the year.
Been waitin
Hey there GDIers...The Ocoee Race is October 10, 2015....we are excited to have 4 OC classes this year! We are aware of a "conflict" that will occur later that day (someone decided to get married...) and we are prepared to let anyone wanting to race and attend the wedding race first. :-) so...REGISTER!! And if you aren't going to the wedding...join us for the afterparty benefiting Team River Runner - Chattanooga!! 


I don't know who this is, but he styled the Cascades Sunday
Free Gyromax on Boatertalk.  not mine: 
Some people don't realize a perception roto-molded saddle when they see one.   Might be a nice outfitting solution for someone.
Greenbrier: 2.5 via Ranger Marsh
Anyone have contact info for Bill Jones in Otto NC?  If so PM me please, I need to let him know his order is on its way.
Double Boating it!
What fun was had on the Ocoee this Afternoon
Hells Hole Rapid
I have been lookin at some Big Creek (Ocoee) footage this morning. If you have never done it you should try and get it.
Ocoee secret season all this week. Water from 10-4 everyday!!!
Friday 10/2, lower Gauley
Saturday 10/3, upper Gauley
Sunday 10/4, New river gorge
Come join the fun.
Blackfly Blackfly OC1 for sale.  Boat is in Ottawa.  $600 Cdn.  Excellent condition with airbags.  Can bring it to NY, VT, NH.
Did some tandem beatering with Jen yesterday...  Cleaned it up today had a nice upper run the went back and fired up the cascades  around 250 this afternoon
Any suggestions where to camp for russellfork?
Some guy had a drone at double suck yesterday afternoon. We stuffed the shredder in the hole and gave him a show.
Anyone want to go to Wilson's tomorrow? I've never been, plus I haven't been in my boat in a month and a half. It will probably be entertaining for you.
Any vintage boats at GAF?
i didn't finish last!
Anyone want a small loki c1? Great shape. 450? Open to offers
Cool
Saturday on the Upper Nanty
Anybody know if the ocoee is still running low flow on weekdays?
how do most of you mount your iphone to your canoe?
What sets the British C boaters ahead of you lot....?
I don't skip leg day!
Good place to camp at GAF?
http://raleigh.craigslist.org/boa/5237719018.html

My friend Jim Wei's boat
Greenbrier: I just drove up to the Porters/Ramsay confluence. The stream hasn't turned brown yet, and the stick is reading 0.8 or so. Probably won't happen, but I'll check again late tonight.
For Sale: Viper 11 in very good condition. Only about 20 days on the water, most of which were the Grand Canyon. Always stored inside, out of the sun. Wood gunwales, Blackfly saddle, hull has a few cosmetic scratches, but nothing deep or into the Royalex. $1200, I will be at GAF this weekend.
what are the dates for the 2016  ALF? Thanks..
I love my Pixie girl for better or for worse....

(Also have it on my side and other arm but not as much)
Thanks Ken Dubel for the picture!
Looks like Ocoee is running again today around 1400.  Can anyone in the know predict or confirm whether it will run on Friday?
Is there one more WFT release this year?
A go-fund-me has been started to help get a DIY internet gauge up for North Chickamauga Creek in Soddy Daisy, TN.  This is a true gem in the Chattanooga area, and the old USGS internet gauge was used to predict the flows of many streams in the area.  That gauge was taken down about 5 years ago.  If you've ever enjoyed any creeks in the Chattanooga area, please consider donating to get this gauge up.
the only open boat in the race! where was everyone?
Hey,  
Made it up onto the Gatineau and ottawa river this past weekend and thought you guys would like my edit. :)  

Since everyone is offloading their royalex, I'll see if anyone wants this. Its as old as I am and isn't perfect, needs some thigh strap work and airbags. 300obo.
Anybody heading to GAF?
any  thoughts or interest in a Whitesell Whirlwind out there ?  Tuff Lay up very good condition.
Selling my Merrimack Souhegan. Will bring to GAF. It's hunter green, fiberglass hull w/cherry ribs. All wood has been refinished with Watco ext oil. Hull in good cond, but has scratches from normal use. $1275 ph 931-260-9551.
Find me at GAF to get your Canoe "Take it out and play with it!" shirts, and pre-order this new beauty: http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/im-sexy-i-grow-it-shirt/

Just in time for No Shave november. Discounts for on the spot pre-orders.

PSA- I will not have a booth, but I will be selling shirts at camp and out of the trunk of my car…enough people have my number in Chota Canoe Club so you should be able to find me. Cheers! (I'll also be wearing one of the kayak shirts)
Kayak for sale at GAF.  Pyranha Z.ONE, size medium fits 143-209 pounds, has only been paddled about 6-7 times.  $ 475.00 (cash), boat will be at Smokey Mountain Meadows.  Message me if interested.  Could make an interesting C1??
Anyone Near Dr. Phil Prince Heading to GAF that can transport a MoHawk Edge back to him ?
Looks like I won't get the opportunity to do Tallulah or Green light in Nov.  Received a call this morning from work.  Nov 2 headed for EMB145 training and then check airman training.  It will take a full 2 months.
This just in....the middle ocoee is going. Not sure how long though
GAF SPECIAL ! Own a piece of history, it has a ride to GAF if anyone's interested in owning this rare gem, $600 Obo royalex Mohawk edge 14 feet of stick racing speed.
Boatertalk is fun again.  Check out the Main Lounge.
7 days and counting until im back in the southeast for 2 weeks..... let the hijinks begin... oh and im probably gonna need to borrow some gear
Does anyone know about some people C-boating in Norway right now?  Because 7 have been sighted in a IV and that means business, but no one has an idea who it is - so far...
Pat Keller at Iron Curtain
Pony Express!
Galloping throuh the Mail Slot on the Upper Gauley
Just heard that Hiwassee powerhouse will be down for repairs early Nov til  early March. They'll be spilling 1200-1400 at Appalachia Dam. Not sure if this is sufficient flow for the dries, but I aim to check it out sometime. Any opinions out there?
popping popcorn... 

Anyone interested in the Lower Gauley on Friday?
Broken octane.
Styled the entire Upper G.
but of course you kinda knew that
Japan OC meeting
Yup!
Mohawk edge 14 royalex  $600 Ono
First PE Covert, oh yes!
Gonna have a Mohawk Edge 14 royalex up for sale soon pictures to follow soon, selling it to raise money to send my daughter to London next summer, $600 or best offer.
Charli did you lose a paddle?
I figured some of y'all probably know the victim.

http://towndock.net/
Finally edited some of the Mexico footage. Judd, Wiggins, and I ran some things in canoes. Check it out!
PLG came by and picked up a couple of his boats. 1 Detenator, 1 Prelude, 1 Super Fly and 1 thrill seeker( death yak)
Gauley fest was an awesome week, of paddling, people and amazing weather!
Great time at the festival; great to see my southern paddler friends up and at it. Been several years since I last did the Upper - perfect day - perfect night.
This morning another matter lol

Thanks to ya'll
Special thanks to Lynn & Michaela Cuddy for their hospitality from the Yough House to the Pond House. So awesome hanging with a fun group
So how do you determine the price of a beater boat. I have a friend that has a detonator, and a old town scout,both these are true beaters trying to figure out a fair asking price he is still paddling the detonator. He will be at GAF and he will also have a rpm c1, a 6 person raft and a dagger impulse for sale just don't know what a fair price for the detonator and old town would be
C-1 Slalom Worlds Final Results;
Casey Eichfeld with an Excellent Result in 4th Place!
River assault vehicle for sale 

http://asheville.craigslist.org/cto/5219725088.html
Oh and thanks for the laughs and gear bags from Water Shed ( Eli Helbert )

Too funny too you have to go to West Virginia to see Canadian friends 
( Isabelle Gariépy Martin Breu Colin Moneypenny Ring the bell with Cal Reader
The USA Whitewater Slalom Team is Racing Tomorrow Bright & Early in the SemiFinals of the 2015 Whitewater Slalom World Championships!
Watch Casey Eichfeld Live @ 4:49 AM EST in Men's C-1,  Ricky Powell Live @ 7:09 AM EST in Men's K-1, Michal Smolen, Coached by his Dad Rafal Smolen @ 7:21 AM EST in Men's K-1.
After Casey Eichfeld: C1 Slalom, Michal Smolen: Canoe Slalom Athlete & Ricky Powell Qualify For Finals The Schedule is;  
C-1 Mens Finals Begin @ 8:33 AM EST, C-1W Finals Begin @ 9:03 AM EST, K-1 Finals Begin @ 9:33 AM EST.
Team Races are scheduled as follows;  
C-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 11:03 AM EST, 
C-1 Women's Team Races Begin @ 11:46 AM EST,
K-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 12:07 PM EST

Link to Video of Live & Recorded Runs;
*Note; Some Video may have 2 Feeds, Switch between Stream A & B by clicking the buttons at the top left of the video window.

Who is doing the Gauley Race?
Ok I just bought my first OC1 (Octane 91), but have a question.  How do I figure out what length paddle I need to buy without trying to find different paddles to demo?
Can anyone message me bad Bob wiggins number?
We are only 3 weeks away from the TVCC Annual Ocoee Race! Have you signed up yet? There is a cap this year and we are over half way there!


Anyone down for meeting up to run the Upper Yough on the 21st? Never been there. Hoping to find someone that is willing to show me the lines.
So I actually have a reliable roll, but I haven't had to use it very much lately.  I went out yesterday to the local class 2 run to practice in current just because.  I'm a righty and anytime I flip on my right side there is no problem at all, I pop right back up very quickly.  However when I flip on my left side I can't seem to get all the way over on my right, it was very frustrating, especially because this is a new issue, does anyone have any advice?
Has anyone ever heard of a raft guide named "Frosty" the goat man?
Does anyone at Gauley Fest have a raft with room for one tomorrow or Saturday? I have a coworker who is strong and likes good whiskey but doesn't paddle, would love to get him on the water. Thanks!
I have some roylex boats that are worn in spots. Are there any sites that show how to patch them?
Ok I just got my first OC1 (Octane 91) and have a dumb question.  What's the best way to store it?  I store my kayaks standing on their ends straight up and down, but what's the best position for my Octane?
anyone have a tandem canoe i can borrow for the Gauley Race? was not able to get my Dimension up here
Mat Howes, you can bring this to OUT Race if you must.

http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=harry+potters+wand
You know your in a boaters home when the utility room looks like ,,,,
This Tallulah thread has given me a headache.
TO BE CLEAR! The race was not the brainchild of either the GCA or AW....it was mine. I have been the volunteer coordinator for the past 6 years. I cannot believe just now ungrateful so many of you, on this forum (as I know it is not across the paddling community) are for all the work AW, various clubs like the GCA and all the volunteers have put into making it possible for you to paddle the Tallulah. The releases would not happen without the volunteers as neither DNR or GA Power have the staff to man the releases so please do not disrespect their efforts.                                                       
 Over the past 6 years a lot of paddlers have asked about a Tallulah Race. In an attempt to open up conversation as to the possibility of additional releases I approached DNR and GA Power about a Tallulah Race to bring more attention to the releases and further develop the relationship between paddlers, DNR and GA Power......showing them that the paddling community could police themselves and have a race and the releases go off smoothly with very little asked of them. We needed the pilot race to go off without any glitches so the first race would have been restricted but if we got an additional release date for the race we could have relaxed the restrictions and developed the event.   
I still think the race was a good idea and am sorry that so many paddlers were unwilling to give it a chance but do not blame AW or the GCA. 
This was just ME trying to secure additional releases.
Second day on the yough and working out my rust of not paddling sine being of July 
I saw the darnedest thing;  Jim Michaud pulling his shredder partner into the shredder by his life jacket. I thought that be a great picture until I saw his paddle partner (John) shorts were around his ankle after getting worked at f%#k up fall 
Lol
So no picture haha
Headed to west virginia today for Gauley fest. Anybody gonna be around? Looking to hook up and chill  with some folks. Where is everybody camping?
Getting  this  time year
Louie's first boat?  What a shuttle vehicle though
In the spirit of this weeks comic, I challenge each of you to "encourage" one paddler you know to sign up for their own weekly Bubble Street comic. They'll thank you sooner than later.
They can sign up at http://bubblestreet.ca/
I overheard a guy explaining whitewater canoeing to another gent at Publix in Greenville today. I picked up the pace as I walked by.
Chris Loomis did such an incredible job putting this together and editing this! He actually makes it look like I can paddle :)  (I'm in in the yellow canoe; he's in the red one; Bob Robert Wiggins is in the blue one.)
Does this truck belong to anyone here?  Spotted at the Norfolk Southern training center in McDonough,GA
Thank God the Green, Russell Fork, Watauga and Gauley race are on a much easier and safer river than the Tullah. Can you picture the restrictions, rules, advanced plannin and organization that would be required to have a race on a river that dangerous and if anyone had died on those rivers.
Sorry for all the Covert posts but I'm getting a bit bloody excited!
FOR SALE. Kokatat drytop. Size LG. Great shape. Gaskets still good. Worn maybe 15 times. $100 OBO. Coming to Gauleyfest. 
  #Ineedgauleymoney
Columbus. Tomorrow . 10ish. If any of y'all would like to come impress us with your tub paddling skills, open boaters are welcome.
Something for all our new friends that haven't got theirs yet.
The ALF OUT race committee has just announced that Tellico will be closed to all but 30 invited only racers. Volunteers will be there to hang out 7 page forms ( please fill out in triplicate) they will also be at the put it tell you when you can put on.
Not my boat: 
I thought this might be some instructive reading for those who think negatively about Paddling Clubs, American Whitewater, mixing "politics" and paddling, etc.


Anyone else attending the ACA Swiftwater Rescue Conference in October?
For sale: Mohawk Probe 14. Tandem outfitting. Normal scratches, no deep gouges, air bags good, overall great condition. Hit me up with any questions. Willing to meet within reasonable distance....ga,nc,sc,tn area.
I didn't write the following but it is so true and buried so deep in a thread I felt the need to bring it here"Bill.....................I know you remember the days before the political Facebook rants, the over organized club boating wannabees, the unnecessary organizational extremes of the bandwagon, and the so called "relationships" we MUST have with governmental entities who in the end don't give two shits about whitewater or paddlers.  It was once about paddling just for the sake of paddling.  Then the cause heads entered the scene, the masses stepped in and had to give their opinions about everything as a way to distract everyone from the fact that they were too pussy to actually paddle, and the rivah became a political shit show.  It was once about paddling and nothing more, and it can be that way again.  But in order for that to happen, shit like this has got to stop.  Just get on the damn rivah, sit in your boat, and go back to the TRUTH of whitewater.  Until that day happens, I will continue to poke the Butt Hurt just like I have at every opportunity on this bull shit thread.  These people are the reason whitewater is dying."
Had a chance to paddle and surf on the Nantahala with Wendy Arthur and Mike Anderson on my birthday.  Here is a little video of some of my favorite surf spots.
Anyone around WV wanna paddle the upper G today? Headed to the put-in now!
So, Gauley Fest. Who's going, paddling which section and when?
Usually it's beer I requested to bring south lol
One saddle, one elbow pad and I emptied one store of blistex 
On my chores are done time to go to Gauley fest 
Been too long without paddling and my favorite summertime river the upper yough!
While we're on the hard question dodging how did the GDI get formed?
My boat is L'fucked !!!!! Ryan Glasser
So sadly I missed allot of the paddling fests that have happened recently.
But thankfully I have some sort of excuse.  :)  For why I was away.  
https://vimeo.com/138752021     
Enjoy  :)
Hey! How much longer does the back need to be for a c1 spray skirt? And how do I measure it? Like from where to where?
Oh yeah..
Stephen Walker, Laura, Donna, Tammy can you see how this whole Race thing could have gone so much better had you all come on here with a statement like "we tryin to get a extra release day and one idea to do it
Is to have a race, what do you all think and what could you do to help out?"  That is not the way it went instead the little sewin circle from a club with a long history of pissin off boater joins with a organization with a long history of shittin on boater and announced that there will be a race and the river will be closed. Just because the man pick a couple of weak and easy to intimidate groups to deal with on the water release doesn't mean boaters in general have granted you the power to speak for us. With less that 5000 payin member and a BOD made of of people who want to sell boats, whitewater gear, and boatin book they don't either. The next time you have a brain storm don't call the AW call the General boatin public get their input, listen to what the non clubies have to say, see what input you get from people who don't follow the party line. I think it was a good ideal and would have worked maybe, I even bet had you suggested that anyone on the river please pull over and take a safty break from 10 to 1030 that ya'll would provide us with some carnage to watch most people would have I know I would have. Laura it is also clear you didn't learn much from last year rant about the beer under the air bag but then how do you tell someone sumthin when they already know everything.
Beater Dagger $75

https://www.facebook.com/groups/georgiacanoe/permalink/10153711585457280/
Don't ya'll think the question we need to ask is how many single stickers were in the 30 invited?
There you have it folks.
Blah blah blah. Go boat!
I am still confused why you AW member have to volunteer at Tullah? You pay club due to the AW who has a paid staff why ain't they handin out form and helpin the cops bust people for havin been and you all go paddle the Hiawsee?
This Tullah race bullshit had GCA written all over it, however if it does comes out that this is the work of the American Kayaker I hope of you who kiss their ass,think they can do no wrong, and represent all boater and  types of boats remember this. Personally I don't think even the American Kayker is that stupid......however a group of Ga. Buttboaters on the other hand
The GCA has just pulled the post about the race off their page
Boof Sister done went and boof'd Mt Yale.
Hope to see some of Y'all there!
Anyone paddling the lower yough today
Who's heading to Cheoah tomorrow and when?
Be advised, if Big South Fork Fork of the Cumberland runs on Saturday, Sept 12th, the road to the confluence Putin will be closed from 1pm to 6pm eastern time due to the road being in the safety zone for the 12th Annual Wings Over Big South Fork Air Show. Show info can be found at 
I felt like Michael Bruce Lewis today cleaning up behind the shop. Made a moss "garden"
Come join my new group. For selling backpacking,camping,fishing, skiing,watersports etc. Trying to grow it into a nationwide site and users can ship gear. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1418581241771159/
Anyone who ain't goin to Gauley this weekend goin to Cheoah tomorrow?
Is anyone going to the Ocoee early tomorrow? I'm not cheoah ready but I want to get a quick lap in.
Selling my Esquif L'edge in order to buy a 2015 Lrg ZEN to convert. Looks like there are some Zen's for sale at the Ocoee Adventure Center in Copperhill TN. If you are interested in a esquif L'edge for $860 and in the area or can meet me in Copperhill I would be willing to make the drive down from Ontario. 

Also if you're interested and If you know of a 2015 Lrg Zen for sale in your area and not in Copperhill message me.
Looking for upper gauley shuttle this sat will be at u- save 800 am
Have a friend looking for bags for a Skeeter. Anyone know where to find some?
Whose coming to Gauley?
hmmmmm


I am selling my 2013 Lite L'Edge, which I have had about six months and paddled a half dozen times. It is fully outfitted with a really cool configuration for the electric pump, which is built into the saddle. No cracks or welds, bottom is well scraped up, mainly from the previous owner. $1,100.
back in business. they will be a Gauley Fest.
Not long now!
Not mine, just posting the link from boatertalk:  
Does anyone have a Quake I could buy or borrow? I have a 12 yo who needs that size boat. The Big Dog and Option are  too wide. A Tareau too short.
I know GDI and style wouldn't normally be in the same sentence... but check out the comic.
Did anyone lose a canoe ?
Need some boater perspective here. 
Planning/scheduling vs. spontaneity?
What's your preference?
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY to PRE-Order!!!

http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/take-it-out-play-with-it-shirt-canoe/

Jan Krause--> You'll be happy to see that since people have only been ordering the Grey I swapped the white out for the Royal Blue Triblend. 

Proudly designed and made in Knoxville, TN! 'Merica!
Where does one find the ferrule or what not to make a broken Carbon Bandit into a breakdown? I'm guessing it'll be a spring clip and something or other. Many thanks.
I'm ready, are you?
What was your best PFD this year? Big Brush for me.
Just down the street from Colorado Kuyak Supply.
Dunno who this is going thru Tablesaw, but his canoe had no floatation. #awesome
OC1 finals start at 50:00, definitely worth a watch. The wave definitely wanted to spit the canoes out, and some of the best canoeists in the world had zero-point rides as they figured out how to work with the feature that day. The winning rides are incredible when you realize how much control it takes just to surf Garb.


I had great times on river this summer, it was the time to spent a bit of time to protect my canoes with a roof 😏
By popular demand. Seven sisters, sister 3. Powerful water and a big boof.
Ocoee is running 1000 till 4:00 today
Drove up to New York this past weekend for Beaver Fest. It did not disappoint. Ran the Raquete, Moose & several sections of the Beaver river. Ate all the food, drank all the beer and raged with all the homies. Here's a peek at my Moshier Falls run.
Kayak Take It Out & Play With it Shirts are here in 2 colors! Get your Canoe and Kayak versions now!

PRE-ORDER BY SEPT 11!
Yes…ONLY 2 DAYS for pre-orders. These are limited edition runs so don't wait!


Bill McKinley may be the nicest, most genuine canoeist I have ever met! Thanks for being awesome!!
Striding Koontz Flume.  Looking to do it again during Gauley Fest.
I am confused when people think the pump adds value to a boat...
If you weren't at beaver, you missed out.
R u a whitewater boater and if so have u ever paddled with a GDI member?
Open boater lives matter !
By request....Watch in 1080HD
Viper 12 with dual pumps.
Hi GDI! Is anyone traveling from the Colombia, SC area to GAF Friday or Sat., Sept. 25-26? I'm trying to arrange a boat shuttle to save myself 7 hours of driving. Pretty please :-) with sugar on top!
The results of blue angel down the great white slide at beaver fest...
One of the issues when I paddle the Octane 91 is if I make a mistake and run a wet line the boat holds a huge amount of water.  Looking at the Option at 27.5" of width versus the Octane at 31" it is easy to see why.    The short term result is a very heavy boat.  As part of the solution I filled in the sidewalls with foam.  The interior width is now 19" versus 23" utilizing less than 2 pounds of foam.  It potentially displaces 8+ gallons of additional water which would weigh 64 lbs.  An acceptable cost benefit ratio.
Sure you have you just didn't know it so therefore you are infected. You are in and we are about the most non closed groups you will ever meet
yes, whitewater boater, but no I haven't paddled with a GDI member - someone on Reddit suggested people join the group as a resource for good oc1 videos/resources, etc.

Ignore my request if it's a closed group only for people who know each other.
Tomorrow is the last Ocoee monday release. Lets go boatin' y'all !!!
Not my boat.  For sale on boatertalk gear swap: 

21 years ago when Chad was 6 this is the boat he did his first solo Tellico run in. Sure it resulted in Seven stitches but it was a small price to pay. I think there is still some of his blood in it. Chad Lewis
So that shirt for the open boaters you've been hearing about? Well, here it is…
http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/take-it-out-play-with-it-shirt-canoe/

PRE-ORDER BY SEPT 10!!! 

PS- Don't worry Kayakers/butt boaters & Mountain Bikers…I'm cooking something up to show you some love too ;-)
Question for the Octane 91 drivers who have experience in both the Gen 1 and 2 versions of the boat.  What are the differences, other than esthetics, between the 2 versions?  Specifically handling, ease of rolling, stiffness, and weight.
I reattached the bulkhead in my Octane after the glue failed on an Upper Yough run.  The screw going through the rear thwart into a dowel in the saddle along with inflated bomber bags held the saddle in place for the last 3/4 of the run.  What is interesting is how much shear force is applied to the saddle.  Check out the rear thwart screw.
Aus gegebenem Anlass bieten wir Ihnen heute mal wieder eine musikalische Reise in die Neunziger. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Np-3nZe12vw

Wenn auch SIE nicht gelernt haben, sich artizukulieren - noch ist Zeit!
OC1 Final Heat today at 9:00.  Brad McMillan in there in 3rd position.
Watch live here:

Ya'll are beaters.  This dude isn't.   https://www.facebook.com/pierreantoinetillard/videos/10153655893098701/
Anybody recognize this dry bag?
Planning to do my first Gauley trip this year with a buddy in the shredder.  We'll be heading up to W(BG)V the evening of Thursday 10/1 and will be looking to paddle the Gauley on Friday 10/2, and the New or something else good in the area on Saturday 10/3.  Maybe hit something between there and Chatty on the way home on Sunday 10/4.  

I haven't paddled any of these rivers or been in the area.  You guys come on out and show us some lines and join in on the fun.  I'd love to get more shredders up there together, but we'll paddle with anybody!
Seems like someone mentioned a new campground up around the Pigeon.  We wanted to go up there as this is the last weekend for it.  Steve wants to do the SUP  :-)  

Any idea where we can camp?  We will be heading out the night before and will probably make it the whole way, even though it will be really really late
Double boof on sisters one and two yesterday
Some of you might be interested in this...a little footage from the last couple of days boating in bonnie Scotland.....
any need to head to the Ocoee
ALF 2014, Ocoee
Covert prototype heading over the pond..
Here is the page with price you will have to convert it to dollars.        
Me and Bob out in the "Force" on the Ardezer Schlucht of the Swiss Inn! 

Sadly we missed most the good rapids due to terrible camera work but enjoy none the less its an awesome section of super cool gorged in boulder garden!
Louie, your crystal ball needs some polishing
Anyone want to boat Friday
https://m.boatertalk.com/forum/BoaterTalk/1052524283
Wanna give this weld a try Ryan Glasser ?
Way better than an Atom, the Dagger Ax!
I'm interested in resurecting an old friend. Not wanting to go totally crazy with the finish, but to get more pop from the old vinyl layer I am considering a light overall sanding followed by buffing in some beeswax. Is this an ''approved" method of caring for old royalex? She's quite long of tooth and long term concern is not a big concern. Thanks kindly- jason
#Ontherampage #stylepoints #firstlove #northforkbloodbath
Alexandre Gauron showing us the splashy lines on a nice and juicy seven sisters of the Rouge this morning
Recovering from the flight. Still has a jetlag
After you met a 5 Meter (16 feet maybe?) Catfish when you are rolling
not mine.  

It is easy to see the two canoeist, they are the good lookin ones with the very large ovaries.
New Creeker from across  the pond and it ain't Silver Birches
Cross bow SMASH
Effing Brilliant.  
Really excited now! Quite a bit of sanding, polishing and blasting to do then PE time.. Oh yes!
For the baby beaters
Some typical taureau rapids
This is what Yellow and Bullet off Star Mountain near Tellico Plains needs.https://www.facebook.com/groups/155102024614079?view=permalink&id=318676931589920
Have a buddy here in SW MI who is selling his probe 14 with a triple saddle setup. He's asking $750. It's in nice shape...red. I can give anyone interested his email
I was only three at the time. and not in this video
Anybody know where I can watch recordings of the ICF oc1/c1 freestyle heats?
The Bags fitted perfect. Thanks to Blackfly. Ready to go rolling
I haven't paddled in 7 years. I was up to IV level paddling an Ocoee. I am now going to paddle again. I am 55. What recommendations do you have for me to be able to get back to doing one of my favorite creeks, South Sauty (solid IV) or should I readjust my sights.
Has anyone tried using Plasti-dip to paint/repair their boats?
Anybody up for a lil' monday madness Ocoee run today? Not many more mondays left...
Keith Clark Jeff Richards Ryan Glasser
Need to get some airbags for the Shacho.  Not just the bare minimum. Would like them to be the right size.  Any ideas?  Would I get 48" or 52/54"?
Welding practice on a dagger nomad....(. No guarantees Tweedle.)  Took two hours to get the roofing tar or whatever was inside of the boat out so I could do my best
New set of bags for Scooter
My option is still a bit shy. Here he takes a look in to his new habitad.
Stolen boat in Knoxville, please keep a look out
Happening now on the Ottawa river. Watch the live heat of oc at the 2015 worlds. https://www.worldfreestylekayakchampionships.com
Mexico muy pronto
a pretty cool technique...i wonder if this guy makes paddles!
Perfect shipping
Travis II Overstreet commented that I was old school smooth, I consider that one hell of a compliment from a WFO GDI especially with all the sabaticals I have taken since I began paddling whitewater canoes in 1993.
Less than 1 year old Harmony bag from NOC
Would this work on drytops? Airbags?
Barbara and I have our 38th anniversary coming up September 3rd and  then her birthday is September 9th. I want these two events to be extra special for her... Open to all suggestions! ":-)
Breakfast after coffee and throne time.
King is that you at 6:03
Chris Beck, I have seen you tear it up, I want lessons!
F'ing alarm went off an hour early, oh well, might as well make the beast of it.
I an proud to be a member of GDI and I will endeavor to make the group proud!
Various buttboaters commented to us today on the Upper Slocoee about the number of Tandom open boat on the Slocoee yesterday. You were noticed
Tandemonium was great fun! Wade and I had a dry hair day and hit the meat on everything except Double Suck. Remember the idea about Nevafull? Well, that 92 is a blast Always full of water. Wade was treated to dinner. He dumped the boat for us multiple times. :) Great paddling with everyone. Video and pics are coming.
If anyone is interested here is the schedule, and a link to watch live video for next weeks Freestyle World Championships. OC1 prelims are on Tuesday at 8-9 am. (Its a good way to avoid actually working on Tuesday morning) The Canadians, Germans and Americans are looking good out there!
So my johnson 1250 bilge pump has become slow. Is there any way to clean it or what? I have it out of the boat already
I can't explain WHY the saddle is glued unevenly but it is. Any suggestions on the best way to unglue the right side (leg hole area) and move it up so that it's even with the left side?
Decisions decisions decisions. Fishing float trip OBJ to Nemo, Upper and lower Slocoee or Green?
Who's in the know about the free single blade instruction August 29 on the Nanty?
Let's get this how to tie up your boat on your trip thing out-of-the-way so we can move on to whether to hide your keys on your vehicle or Carrie I'm with you on the river I have a story about a couple of 28-year-old French-Canadians
AWESOME OC clinic by Travis Overstreet today!!!!   More to come.  Too hard to type on little phone
Older school.
anyone know a good source of lithium ion battery packs
Should I give her the tire shine ? Or no ? She's been a dirty girl.
Kids paddling gear for sale.  My son has outgrown these. Size 6 nrs booties $15, sea to summit size small paddling gloves $10, and Camaro shorty wetsuit size kids large (60 to 90 pounds or so) $20. All great condition. I will be at the ocoee tomorrow if anyone is interested. The booties and gloves will fit small ladies as well.
I don't know the answer to this question so I thought someone here might be able to help me. What would be a fair price for a Savage Skeeter - decent shape, includes airbags?
Corran Addison is lookin for a name for a Tandom buttboat so many came to mind but Dumb and Dumber keep comin to the top, of course that would cause a lot of fight between the two paddlers in it.
notice the steady yankee hands on the camera
Caption for sale on boatertalk (not mine) 
What  is with the Zoom? I've been boating since 1990, with  my primary summer employment being a video boater on the New and Gauley, what is with this thing? twitchy as hell, awful when full of water, any advice?
Carlie and I picked up our 92 last night. Thanks  Blackfly Canoes for making such sweet toys!
I am selling my Astral Green Jacket,PFD ,S/M worn maybe 20 times,it's like new,no rips , tears or loose stitching. ..it come with an NRS knife (just can't get it out).it has some slight staining on the inside from a shirt I wore. ..
$185.00, can ship.
I am working on surfing skills this weekend.  I paddle lefty and find that when my boat starts to angle left in the wave, its really difficult to turn back to the right.  I paddle an Octane 91 and a Viper 12 on occasion.  Any advice?
Wondering what you can do useful with your old canoes?
Anyone know the "supposed" location of the precious?
What is the longer swim all of Insinificinces  or both mini gorges on the WFT.
new shuttle ride, maybe?
Keith Clark here's the Whiteface boof you asked about
2 new OCtanes in the truck.
also near roanoke, va --  this new wave acrobat, expedition layup acrobat. 200 bucks firm. great downriver sternsquirt machine. hasn't been paddled since late 90's, stored in shed. i'm 200 lbs and never could really bow squirt it on eddylines. great stern squirts tho. edgy as a three peckered goat but wings wide enough for good stability. took it down sect iv a few times, ocoee, kennebec, dead, sheepscot wave a lot. bought used in maine in '91. busted it up creeking in maine and then repaired it solid (needs gel coat). also, backpack straps: epic outfitting
Maybe the first time this has been OC1'd since psyco Dave back in the day. Happy to finally get enough rain to give it a go yesterday.
Nathan Zumwalt this is Iron Ring at about 800. I was probably a foot from the potential boof rock at most. Not much to see due to bad camera angle but you get an idea of the hole pit.
Anyone wanna meet up? Katelyn and i are Staked out at the NOC playhole for the next 2  days while katelyn demos the new rock star and jed. FB msg me!
Rafts would flip in the put in Eddy
selling a slasher -- 200 bucks firm, good condition, near Roanoke, VA
Little sticker porn for you......
Anyone boating new river this week I need shuttle
Sweet stretch of downriver play on the West Fork.
Hey guys do any of my ocoee friends know a kid named Nathan mcflure or McClure drives a Toyota Camry convert able black need help locating this guy!
North of Morgan Falls in metro ATL, Bull Sluice Hooch
caught from a canoe
Low water wonder
Here Bob Britt this one shows the mass better  :)
Here is a couple for Bob Britt since I know u like fishing
Anybody wanna go boatin tomorrow?
Finally got around to finishing the karma C1 I believe ill try it out tomorrow.
Met two guys from Israel camping with a canoe and no car....so I had to talk to them. Turns out they bought a canoe in Jackson and have been hitching from there all the way to Yellowstone....just them, their gear and canoe. Now that's dedication right there!
We had a ranger come up on us at diamond splitter today. Discussed proper safety locations on the river and let us know he's checking out the regular spots now. Just a heads up.
Borrow son in laws trailer and this is on the fender and he don't even boat
So I've looked and looked and can't seem to find history of a OC1 descent of Reedy Falls in Greenville, SC. 

Anyone got any info on this?

Philip Prince, do you know?
This is not mine, I'm just posting the ad from Boatertalk: 

Behold! The fabled side-laced Fall Line Bomber Bags. I can't wait to get these out on the water!
Just finished several laps after several beers and scrip benzos including linked on and off side 360's without hitting the coping.
again with the dynamic duo
Nice move...
Is anyone paddling upper hooch this afternoon after the rain passes?  Steve Brock Vince Zappia Noah Taylor?
Wade Lucas & Noah Taylor on second slide
Great day on the Green with a big but solid crew. Thanks to everyone who gave me info, let me follow them through a rapid, helped wrangle my boat, and/or somehow or another contributed to make it an enjoyable experience.
Update on my $100 ww tandem canoe project: scored two brand new float bags for 40% off. Now I need a cheaper alternative for gluing the D rings into the floor.
Run out below the second slide
Am I blinkin?
Rich Moore
Eleven years ago Alex Vargas did his first Ocoee trip at the original Louie Fest, he wasn't a natural, or even a fast learner, but he has learned. Oh he hasn't missed a Ain't Louie Fest yet. Video of days anniversary run on the WFT to follow and as usual for all the Yankees they will be short shakey and out of focus.
Who's in/near Fayetteville WV this evening?
Anybody OC2'd WFT yet? I'm assuming a 92 was used if so..
I hear Alex Vargas did?..
Soon very soon
Anyone in the Asheville area who was at the Ocoee today or tomorrow and could bring a mountain bike back from a raft outfitter please PM me as soon as possible. Beer compensation provided.
Does anyone know about the Cartecay at 1.8?  Worthwhile?
A little Colorado Gem-with Robert Wiggins
Anyone interested in meeting up for an ELF run on the Upper Gauley tomorrow? Looks like it should be between 250-500cfs
Anyone out there paddling a WaveSport Mobius as a C1? Thoughts if you are? Thanks in advance.
Beater moment leads to Clutch roll of the month for me, definitely got a little skeered while under water on this one
Would it be better to store a Spanish Fly standing on it's stern, or laying flat on the ground?
stolen from Chris Loomis. swimming stouts in Mejico.
(Possibly) FOR SALE: one beat as hell blue option, will come with beat as hell, but still badass, bomber bags. Looking to sell my old one (still fifth Gen) and get a shiny new one sometime this fall, and I'm trying to line everything up ahead of time so I don't have to go without a boat at all. Boat has no cracks as of yet, although it is possible for that to change- if it does crack details can change, and it will be welded well. Bags are faded and have some wear spots, but still have many many miles of bomberness left in them. Boat will be for sure available after green race, possibly sooner for the right offer. If I can't get enough to make it worth selling here I'm going to leave it in Mexico in December, so drop me a message/offer/talk to me if you're interested and we'll work something out.
Wiggy post that one with the big drop and swim. Where they say"get your shit"
I stold this picture but I have no plans to make any money off of it
Alex this year at the race at ALF how about everyone is required to swim at the finish line! Wouldn't that give the SWR people a heart attack
Philip Prince
Thoughts please.. for a newbie.. Mohawk Probe 12 vs. Bell Prodigy X and any and all thoughts especially including stability.  Thank you!
For those that thought C1 was something new. ;-)
In search of some of these D-rings.  Anyone know where we can find them?  We need to do some outfitting and re-outfitting.
Heading to Ocoee be there about 2:30. If Anyone would like to join.
WFT tomorrow, another non Ocoee weekend.
Anyone have any spare Bell spraydecks for a Prodigy with vinyl?
Some original Kevlar prototypes rotting in the dirt behind Clarke's outdoor center in Connecticut. Photo records for the Museum
Anyone know where the production Quake mold is? I know it is a glass mold. Michael Bruce Lewis?
Want to buy Octane 85!
Anyone down for some Ocoee on Sunday? I'm looking for someone to boat with on my way back from NC.
Ocoee, Double Suck. This is what I call the triple boof line.
Daxton at Rock Creek in Chattanooga told me that Pot Hole Paddles made a good paddle when I returned the Aquabond. I am an older gentleman according to Bill McKinley... What do y'all think would be the best paddle for me.
Just trying to pass on some old school paddling love.
Dedication
I am looking for an old worn out drysuit. Lg-xl. I can repair it. Cheaper the better. Dont let that old drysuit gather dust. Hook me up with it!!!
Could I use cedar to make my thwart for a c boat?
Chattooga - 2.3 Today
This is a shot from the river left bank at Lava Falls tis past december. Video by Adam Goshorn
If you have vacation today might be the day to take it. Stuff around Wartburg is goin
conasauga river in Ga is showing 787 dropping at 63...... I think it would be canoeable today but sounds like its dropping as fast as it flashed up.
Tellico?  Low but doable anyone going?
More rain please!!
Sigh, boating.  There's some good #Wookscat action toward the end of this Green lap from February.
Saturday I need to get out and paddle. Can I tag along with anybody on the Ocoee? I might be a shit show but I gotta do something harder than the nanty/cartecay to de-stress
Ok. Need some help. I was given an "old" Old Town 16 ft canoe. I've also been given the challenge of turning it into a tandem whitewater boat for $100 or less. Granted it's not the hull for any real whitewater, but mainly I'm taking on this project for fun and to learn about outfitting and such before I waste any real money. I installed the p cord for flotation yesterday. Now I need to find a way to either make my own float bags or a good safe substitute without breaking the budget. So far I'm in this for $5. Any ideas?
First few days in the new Octane 91 fresh off the aluminum mold. Footage from West Fork Tuck, Green Narrows and a bonus Rocky Frog clip at the end. This boat is a load of fun.
Thanks Matt Todhuntertodhunter for the awesome poly dowels
Big Kahuna at a splashy level.
I mentioned that I was putting a bulkhead into my Ocoee to Michael Bruce Lewis.  He said he couldn't remember seeing an Ocoee with a bulkhead before and to please post a picture. So here we have a Nova Craft Ocoee retrofitted with wood gunwales and thwarts made by Vince Zappia and a Matt Todhunter bulkhead.  Need to get another set of airbags because these are not quite large enough.
I think I may have already been a GDI,  but it was officially confirmed by Bill McKinley today.
This poor poor boat...
In 1986 I was a bagage boatman in Costa Rica working for Bryan and Kelly Wham of Virginia. All those two and Ron Mullen could talk about was John's Creek in Virginia and how it was going to open to boating any day. I understand they open it and a few other in Virginia up last week.
https://www.facebook.com/mtnh2o

My girl and I started an apparel line. Cool, hand-drawn t-shirts are to start, more gear coming in later! Give the page a "Like" and share it with friends to stay current on our designs!

Yes I'm a kayaker. Some of these are kayak-based shirts. But we're working on new designs to show you knee-riding swimmers and beaters some love!
Marcos is that a snake in that tree behind you? Oh we will stop at the A & W for a root beer float BTW.
The senior ranger on the Ocoee ask me to do some PR work and get the word out about the new fence at the downstream end of the commercial parking lot.  He said that so many buttboaters, ok he may have said kayakers are takin out there, which the ranger don't have a problem with, however the Tennessee DOT has received a lot of complaints about people with buttboats coming up from
the parking lot and instead of using the gravel trail beside the road are walking the white line in the curve down to their car parked on the shoulder ( I bet it is mainly buttboater's from Ga.). So the DOT said if the Rangers can't stop it the DOT is going to put up guard rails and do away with the parkin along side the road below the commercial bus parkin lot. The Rangers don't want to see that happen, not out of love for buttboaters, I knowed him since 1981 and he
likes buttboaters about as much as I do. The reason he told me he didn't want it happen was that he counted and there were 33 car there today and if the guard rail goes up those people will just be findin other places on the river to park causin him new head ache. He said keep parkin there just carry your buttboats up the bank below that big curve. So if people keep walkin that white line in the curve it goin to be a lot longer walk because the DOT will put up a guard rail and do away with all that parkin. I noticed there is already a new trail up the bank been cut below the curve. Just tellin you what he ask me to put out.
I have no idea who took this picture but it appears to be copyrighted
Bill Mason with the GoAmateur prototype
Can someone share a link with me on how to wire a battery for a single pump.....thnx
Thank you !!
Ocoee tomorrow , be there or be square. Who's comin with me?
Just feeling the river today... Like my heart beat...


Low water
going through old pictures, found this good one of Philippe on Habitat 67
Gift from swimmers
Who is going to the Ocoee tomorrow
OK can we at least all agree he has the right type of paddle?, Even if his chose of craft is in question?
Anyone seen this before? 
Anyone know who was in the canoe?
Asking for a friend, is there a park and play in Northern Alabama ?
Katelyn's first ALF is shaping up to be very memorable paddling with the GDI.
Introducing.... The Green Squirter!!!
Upper Nantahala this friday. Anyone going?
It is things like this that make me happy I went to CR with Esprit. Good job Jim, Barbara, Martin, Eli... Esprit and GDI represent. See you one day in Mexico!
Ok the damn thing is cleaned up
Good Old daze when we were not cool enough to be on Fb.
#Esquif #Surrrrrrrf
Beatdown Bucks!
 I will pay a Dollar to hear you Hollar while getting it handed to you…in a hole…I mean paddling….I mean in a boat…..not a butt----boat!
PLG's wife
Usual stuff + Loomis Judd Charli Rich Jason lines at Hammer Factor
Rich and I took advantage of a late afternoon shower to run our favorite local gem, the Rocky Frog at a pretty rowdy flow. Enjoy!
Recently moved from MN to Richmond. Itching to get on some new rivers. Thinking about making a trip to the Gauley, New, or Upper Yough soon. Would be nice to find some other cboaters to boat with. Anyone around to boat?
FAILED rockspin. Ocoee River
So, in an effort to raise funds for a new to me boat, I am selling off some very lightly used climbing gear.......I can offer pictures and a more detailed list for anyone interested.........items include the following

2 harnesses
2 fig eights
1 rapell rack
2 ascenders
Several several caribeaners of the locking variety......and some shoes.....that should fit a size 11......
Thanks
Per the Louie's request..yes King this is a  fun and reasonable level to run. I did not post earlier here in GDI because it shows Kayaker's (and I know that gets a overwhelming negative reaction).
I am intrigued by my short time in the Esquif Zoom.   Felt like a wildwater kayak.  No stability when still, but go forward leaning on a chine and it was fine.
Anybody out there seen or made ww solo/tandem switchable outfitting?
I have a vertige x that the last owner had set up as a solo trad. I want ww outfitting, but in someway make it usable as a solo or on occasion a tandem.

Any ideas or photos?
Sooooo, I was trying to save for a brand new octane but i am getting very antsy to ditch my first and only boat......my very well loved impulse....

I have found a ledge fully outfitted for $800.00 that I'm about to jump in however I'm hesitant due to the cracking issues I've heard si much about........I hope to paddle this boat for a loooong time since money for boats is not in my budget.......hence paddling my impulse with fiberglass and gorilla tape for the last 4 years.....

So, do I jump on it?

Someone make me an offer on a different boat?

Thoughts?
end of an era. 
What do u use as stock to weld plastic / where do u get it?
This evening I dreamt I was flowing through the mountains of Western NC on a bed of chocolate milk. In August. Yup, had to be a dream.
Would like a couple comments on how the Blackfly Octane 91 compares/differs with the Ocoee? I like the Ocoee, but ready for another boat. I weigh 240lbs.
Beware! Outfitting Post! I'm going back to having the airbag lacing behind the foot pegs but I can't remember how in the hell it was done. Can someone post a shot of theirs?
Anybody interested in doin the Columbus course in the morning, meet us at the take out 9:45ish.
Howdy! Anyone thinking of Ocoee this Saturday and Sunday? I should be there :D. Let's do some surfing! Shawn Malone, Matt Todhunter Noah Taylor Michael Bruce Lewis and the remaining 1,959 of you.
looking for some straps to outfit a outrage. If any one has any they wanna get rid of or knows where to find them on line Thanks
Blackfly Canoes Demo Day! Come by the Nanty all day Sunday August 9th and try out the new boats. See ya there!
Many a safety break was taken today on the tower in honor of our buddy Carter. So bummed that I couldn't make it to Apex for the service but I know that he's with us in spirit so here's to Carter! 
(Can't hold up a real beer on the tower so this will have to do)
Lost paddle on ocoee name a number on it please call if found. Thanks
Anyone going to the Ocoee tomorrow?
To Carter Worthington
Just finishing up a most amazing weekend with an old friend. Thank you so much Nancy for an incredible time!!! (Great break from canoeing and work)
Sometimes, kayakers CAN canoe.

Yesterday, RVA local kayaker Cooper Sallade decided on a whim to borrow an open boat and ditch the skirt for an evening lap down Callaghan Creek up north in beautiful British Columbia. In doing so, he joined Fall Line team member Robert Wiggins on the very very short list of people who have open boated this world renowned, classic gem of a run. Here are some highlights from his lap.
Where do yall get buckles from? I need a lap belt buckle for a c1
ME for $twofiddy

I'm new to open boat paddling and had a question. How would an outrage x be for learning to open boat? Realistically will never be beyond a class 3 any time soon.
Paddle Canada Instructor inspecting canoe and kayak tie down procedures
Seriously guys ... how are you going to untangle this mess? Albright Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, NY.
Check this out: the new blog about canoeing and all things involved! Trip reports, technique articles, training advice, river reviews and more. This is just the start, more to come soon :)


Ok....time to confess..who is this?
Matthew Thomas raised an interesting question and one I hadn't considered before. How many of you all have never seen the savage advertisement Corran did?The one that almost got him lynched by most of the female boaters in America
Tellico tomorrow?
Anyone willing to introduce me to the Ocoee tomorrow?
Ruben Martinez didn't draw, and Abel Valdes didn't rudder..and I didn't care! ;-)
Does anyone know the low flow cut off of the Nolichucky that's still passable? Looking to do it with some friends who will be in duckies this week and want to know if we'll be able to make it down. Scott Curtis
Anyone got an Octane 91 handy they can pull some dimensions from for me?  I will need them by this evening.
Ear strach.
Michael Bruce Lewis.....
Northwest livin' at GDI approved levels
Just a tad bigger than our Octane.
WTF?
Head Bobs at their finest
I know a lot of the buttboater have been missing videos from this river, Terry Smith in particular here is Tellico in August.
Any input on how a flying squirrel is as a C1? I'm in a stomper 90 right now that is getting pretty beat up. Looking for something with a bit more speed.

Dave
What type of glue can I use on my bulk head that I'm building??
They followed me so close I didn't even have time to get the camera out.
Outrage is sold!!! Big thanks to everyone for all there help....
which line to take now?
looking for older wooden canoe paddles..Dagger, Bailey, Silver Creek, etc
Wen is ALF scheduled for next year, and is there a page somewhere dedicated to it?
If you missed it at the ALF film festival, or just want to see it again. Filmed in the US and Mexico.
Philip Prince
Does anyone know a guy named Couch, works at Quest guiding rafts?
Ocoee today anyone?
here is one of the successful attempts slowed down
I'm outfitting a C1 boat, anyone have a lead on cheap 3" minicell foam?
I made canoes look good right after making them look bad at Zwicks rapid on the Green yesterday. In good GDI fashion more or less.
Keith Clark swum the  big one. But it was OK he practiced for it by swimmin a no name thing up stream
WFT was running at 2.7 today; a couple inches higher than usual.
Just say Jon Lugbill flying down the New River gorge
Waterloo Access Workday was a big success! Put in at Spring Creek Gorge (near Cookeville TN) was restored after flood damage. Good times with some cool volunteers, immeasurable goodwill with the landowners. Stoked!
Finally found the sweet line in flight simulator. Wasn't till my four run that I could get
It with out those teeth jaring bounces. Really pretty smooth but
thin line between too far right and where Pete Dolan parked half way down it
Made this out of my old Probe 11... If anyone has any boats that don't float anymore let me know, I'll make it into something cool, rather than letting those old memories collect dust.
My wife and I went up to PA to run the Yough. Everything was running high, so a friend showed me a cool microcreek outside of Ohiopyle. This is Fike Run. It is definitely worth checking out if you can catch it. Sadly my battery died during the last mile.
I'm looking for a solo rigged whitewater canoe for my son's birthday.  Any ideas.  Mashon 423-667-1454
WFT Saturday
HEY-Step up and support One of the finest persons  and Canoeists -DBriggs
Possible first oc1 descent? Of the Balls to the Walls section of the Cheakamus river, near whistler, BC. Sending it off the 20 footer that's the entrance to the good stretch.
This is the Tellico Plains Library Sandy. We got the kick'in-ist Library folks on earth here! She has her serious face on here! Normally, there is a big smile on that face! Way to spend summer, don';t ya think!
Section 4 tomorrow anyone?
Come on, ladies, let's represent. Who's with me? Oh, you too, guys.
Got another batch of these printed up. More fun new colors. Same classic design. I even remembered you XXL guys this time. Find me before they are gone.  Colors are red, blue & brown.
Steve and Wade in the 92
Anyone wanna paddle the Ocoee with me tomorrow? Im flexible with the time and logistics.
I might look myself later this week, but is anyone familiar with the uppermost Soque River gorge that is just west of Lake Burton and LaPrade's? Micro-scale, but it looks like enough basin and gradient to show drops. Probably National Forest.
Question: How fast does the Ocoee drain after they turn the water off at 5pm?  I am looking to put on around 3:30/4pm on friday and am wondering if I will make it all the way to the takeout?
Who is the culprit in the Blackfly about a minute in?
I need advice.  I literally cannot be in the saddle of my L'edge for more than 15min without losing all feeling in my legs from the knee down.  I believe this is due to the upper part of my leg pinching the lower part and cutting off circulation just below the knee.  I've cut a lot out of the saddle already and I've tried raising the seat in an effort to reduce pressure on my knees.  None of this has helped...  Thoughts, ideas???
Hey, I'm wanting to trade my Romanian AK-47 for a canoe, it comes with a red dot, fore grip, five 30 round mags, 640 round sealed spam can, and whatever miscellaneous ammo I don't shoot before I trade it. Let me know if you are interested. I really want an open boat!
Viper 11 w/ wood gunwales for sale - $1200

I am selling a like-new Viper 11. It has 22 river days, 16 of which were on the Grand Canyon where it didn't see a rock. The factory gunwales and deckplates have been replaced with wood gunwales, and the saddle is a Blackfly saddle with thighhooks. The boat is in great shape, and has been garage stored the last two years. First pic was before I installed wood gunwales, second pic is afterwards.

The boat is currently at my parents' house in NJ, but if there is interest I can go grab it at the end of August. PM me for more details
So I am trying to locate vynabond in the can. It seems to have been discontinued? I need to glue some anchors in some royalex boats. Mondo bond from harmony doesn't seem as effective. But even it says its discontinued on the harmony website. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
How should I fix a vinyl bag with some abrasion damage before it's too late?
Finally made it home with a new Octane 91 Demo. Look me up if you want to check one out. I'll be at the following events during the next few weeks. 

Ocoee river Jam  July 31st-2nd

Asheville Demo Day. August 9th. 

Ocoee Carnage Party August 9th in the evening. 

Atlanta Demo days August 14-15ish. 
 

Peace.
The new 91 looks fantastic.
Anyone have any J hook racks or stackers they want to sale?
King Lewis look how turnt up we are in bburg
What rivers or creeks compare to the west fork of the tuck? Would love to step up some but don't want to bite off more than my capability!
Check out Ocoee photo's 7-19, can you get a rail grab thru double trouble ;)
Gettin' it done.
Interesting read on new government rules regarding guide pay


Full Ocoee trip and should be home by 1330. Life is good
So I'm heading up to Maine from August 15-22. My friends rented a house on the ocean in the south. I would love to hit a class 2 or 3 river while I'm up there and wouldn't mind driving a couple hours. Anyone up that way who would take me out? Thanks!
Phillip Milion yano the French Canada kid who had the good comeback to the ranger on Daddy's creek
Seems some Green River narrows regulars can be the most arrogant river people i've met...the ones most arrogant act like they have never swam anything or will cut someone down so they feel bigger...
Yes, some people do get on this river fast and run the big ones fast, it's their decision to assess their risk and choose if the reward is worth it
maybe its that the boats are better and some people learn faster than others...
Still most river clicks are weird this one is no different...there are not so many of us boaters, that don't swim
 — with Green River.
Is that Officer Wiggins in an Ion or Dave Humphrys in an Octane 91?  

Suicide Rapids, Pettawawa River Ontario.
Ocoee anyone?
Wishing I was getting some summertime Tremont today...
Rodeo still has a heartbeat....  It ain't dead yet
Witch one of those canoes  are the fastest... Esquif l'Edge or Blackfly octane 91
wait for it....
Is anyone from Quebec City coming to Upper Yough Race this weekend, Beaver Fest, Gauley Fest, or headed over to the Ottawa first week of September?
has anyone had experience with the Roanoke River at Weldon, NC at good flow? Looks like a possible ender hole?
Any one see a line?
Probe 14 for sale.  Good condition with good bags. $1000.  Pictures won't load so pm me with an email address and I'll send them that way.
Upper and lower Ocoee early start, good creek trip speed? Tellico just dropped out for me good .9 for others who will go lower than 1.4
For anyone who would like a portage device to get the canoe off our heads check this out. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1425739625/kayoke-a-lightweight-compact-system-to-transport-a#
Question: What's easier to learn how to roll? An option or the detonator?
I think it is safe to say that you all can thank this man, Frankie Hubbard, for revolutionizing the canoe industry and hull design.  This is a pic of Homie at Rock Island circa 1999.   Homie almost always had a dry hair day.
Russell Fork is 312, about perfect. Negra barraga, Keith Clark, Matt Todhunter, Lost Tribeities ? Could push my first summer Ocoee trip out to August. Charli Kerns you ever done it in a real boat?
Who is going to tellico 
 today
If this show up upside down that is how it was sent to me
Our family and friends whitewater weekend on the beautiful Gatineau River in Quebec. Enjoy!

Vimeo version:
Did the Tellico get any rain today?  the gague is not moving.  Will it run friday?
Yellow option for sale in the north east
Friend lost his meds (and boat).
Chester Takasawa the brace monkey
What is the best glue to attach minicell to PE?
Anyone paddling today and where?
Found us a pretty good creek by accident, Shawn Malone fired it up first.
Saw this on Carter Worthington page but was unable to "share" it - 

Join us in a celebration of the amazing life of Carter Worthington on Saturday August 8, 2015, 4:00pm at the B&B Country Garden Inn in Apex, NC. We will have a ceremony to start, then a chance given to anyone who would like to share a remembrance, or words of inspiration. Immediately following, there will be an open house reception and BBQ.
Parking is limited so please plan to carpool.
This is an outdoor venue.
Semi casual attire & flip flops encouraged!
Tellico in July
The company I work for needs to buy some PFDs. We don't have much $ to spend. The cheapest mti brand type III we can find is $60, but we are ok with buying used if they are around half to two thirds that price.
Canoe Slalom American and Canadian National Races
If you've not paddled Spring Creek Gorge near Cookeville TN, you should sometime. It's beautiful. We have a workday to improve the access on August 1 (see events).

https://www.facebook.com/groups/126573741014360/
All this rain in WV, time to finally get the big-water boat together. Thanks, Matt Todhunter, this is gonna work perfectly for my NRG boat.
BZ falls at "too low to run". Went smooth and didn't hit any rocks either day. 

Also known as "wishing I was a lefty"
A friend is looking to demo an option on the nanty this weekend. Coming from Atlanta. Anyone with a boat available.
58" Thule bars for roof rack. You know you need them to haul that canoe around. Make me an offer.  Brand new.
Low water fun at shepherds falls on the lower wind, and the first time I've gone bareback (or without a drysuit period) since I left the southeast.
Hominy Creek only 3 miles from my farm mount nebo west virginia
pumps were sucking each others water so i had to move them apart.
Gdi levels in the pnw still manage to provide a great day of boulder dodging, stress free boofin. The hardest part was finding a local who wasn't a level snob.
Norse is making a newer style canoe blade. Anybody else try these yet?
TRR provides recreational therapy opportunities for veterans and active duty military personnel of ALL abilities. http://teamriverrunner.org/
WLOS Charity Challenge - PLEASE vote for TEAM RIVER RUNNER ASHEVILLE Who can vote:
1) Individuals registered on WLOS.com
2) To be eligible to participate in the promotion, participants must be a North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia or Georgia state resident who are 18 years of age or older and reside in the WLOS-TV viewing area.
How often can you vote:
Voting period: July 20 - 22. .Voting is limited to one vote per IP address per day. Duplicate votes will be disqualified. Facebook “Likes” are not considered votes.
That is ONE vote each day for each registered user PC! Pretend you’re from Chicago & vote often!
How to vote: Go to 
http://wlos.upickem.net/engine/Welcome.aspx…
Click the Vote tab
Select TEAM RIVER RUNNER ASHEVILLE & Click: Save Vote.
Get your boof on.  Option + Green = HEAVEN
For all you full figured guy who insists that you are too big for the new plastic boats here is one that fit you and looks like a canoe and not a bathtub.
Spark For Sale, $800. Kaz saddle, Esquif double straps. No bags.
Improvement suggestions? What glue do y'all recommend for knee brace straps? Thanks for feedback!
Scouting rediculous runs.
Anyone experienced in which airlines take on canoes (intercontinental flights) or how hard it is to mask a canoe as a "surfboard"?
I have a good friend that put some holes in his pe sit on tops. Need advice on welders, rods, etc. Or if any one does repairs please let me know.
How would this work for boat builders?
Stephen H Edwards, Marcos, Ana, and myself all agree this is a   shame to put this saddle in this boat. You got 15 min to come to your senses
See you on the river my friend.
Anybody have a rachet backband? I am looking for one please.
Middle Channel of the Ottawa River with my 10 yr old son Warren.  Thanks again Jim Coffey for the loaner boat and safely getting the rest of my family down the river with the help of your excellent staff.
Upper and middle on the Ocoee tomorrow meeting at the middle putin at 1130
Who has good swim carnage videos?
Couple of crazies going over Baby Falls, Friday, July 3, 2015!
Double trouble on big south. The gopro does not do this drop, or the hole at the bottom, justice, but you can get the picture. Such a quality run to finish off my time in Colorado. Hopefully there is shore based footage as well.
On my way to the big south (fork of the poudre), often called the best run in Colorado, for an afternoon boof session. 11 miles of drop pool wilderness class 5. #stoked
Pumps as in more than one. Down and dirty 15 minute installation
Anyone from Chattanooga gonna be at the Ocoee Saturday?
Dolphin doin a decent rock splat!
I will be drivin back through Ashvages on Sunday. Charli Kerns get Chads kilt from the male Boof sister and meet us somewhere I can't talk directly to the Chicken Shit
https://youtu.be/YpQAGjYGraY 

Little fun with the last rain.
Lou just checked Greenbrier, it is running 1.8 as of 8:30 am. He is on his way with Brent to run the Little and will be there for several runs.
Hi all,
   My good friends at Turkey Creek campground, Mike and Ramelle are needing some help cutting up and removing some trees from the campground... Ramelle isn't able to help Michael as much due to back issues.   If anyone is in the area that can help or knows someone who might be able to help, please do so.  apparently they were hit with strong winds and rumor of tornado in topton which uprooted some trees.  thanks for any help!
OMG! On the Nolichucky! Way to go, guides! I just wish Sally had been guiding there instead of the FB - I'm sure that bear cub would have looked great in purple!
Anyone want to paddle Bailey Canyon tomorrow? "Thursday". Got a two man team. Wouldn't mind a third person.
Looking to get a bunch of different color welding rods. Does anyone know a good source? 

Dave
Hayne Bryant is looking for a WW canoe--ya'll got anything for sale?
They dries of the pigeon have water in them
Is anyone coming over to the Green or Asheville this weekend who could get a skirt to Chad Lewis?
Last Wednesday was Tellico with GDI and some newbies.
Thursday 2 raft trips on ocoee.
Friday 1 raft trip then 2 laps tellico with guide buddy
Saturday 3 raft trips 
Sunday 1 raft trip (gotta rest sometime)
Monday 2 raft trips
Today nantahala with some beginners one of them definitely a future boof sister.

That makes 7 in a row if there is water tomorrow I can bridge the gap between rafting days and make it to 13.
Chris Loomis and Judd Lefeber both crushed a really high upper big creek run their first time down.  Strong work dudes.
Anybody creekin in the am in east tn. tomorrow?
Y'all might want to take a look at the gauges for the plateau and smokies.
Might let this one go for $800. 3rd gen, blue option.
Just found this in a box of old rags....., there's no telling how old it is !
I found this drawing on a friends timeline. Obviously an openboating woman.  I like it!
Cabot Anderson, you've come a long way...no longer a FNG.
I'm loving learning about all the canoeing events... But what is OAR? Thanks in advance for indulging a newbie....
Racists
For those of you who have placed orders for ZapPaddles please be patient. At nearly 40% moisture content one of the important wood species is still too moist to use. It'll need to be down around 11%.
Today at Esprit Rafting we took WIlly, who has no mobility from the chest down, down the Ottawa River today.  Whitewater Rafting was on his bucket list... checked off the list.  Shout out to Martin Breu for expertly making WIlly's dream com true.
We are at a juncture with our Scenic River and Blue Way development project in Tellico Plains Tennessee that we need a lawyer that is seasoned to help us with ROWs and easements for the putin/take outs and camping locations we are planning along the Tellico River. Any suggestions river sages? Thanks guys.
I'm just gonna drop this here.....
Tonite I married the girl I met on a river 18 years ago.
Biscuit & Bella in the boat with us.
Just for you Big Al
Alan Andrews
Now imagine this made with appropriate parts being Graphite with two pontoons a Beer holder on it with a tow behind small tube with a mesh core! A real waterbug!
Anyone boating in the southwest Pennsylvania/northwest Maryland area tomorrow and/or Tuesday? Class 3-4 creeks preferably. We ran Fike Run Friday, Little Sandy Saturday, and Stoneycreek today. Up for something else tomorrow.
The installer has a even most detailed disclaimer.
Put Air Bags in it except for (2) 112 inch painters it is ready for you. Marcos needs to armor all the gunnels deck plates and hull also.
Stephen H Edwards do not remove one piece of foam add all you want take none away. It going to be hard to stabilize this saddle.
Thinking about doing Tellico tomorrow, looks like it will likely be 1.6+. Anyone interested?
Looking for company for Tellico or upper/middle Ocoee tomorrow, Sunday. 10-11 meet time at either put-in.  I'm driving from Atlanta and buddy is already camped at Thunder Rock. Will be bringing a shuttle goddess to make life extra sweet.
https://www.facebook.com/greg.murphy.7777/videos/10153515406768987/
Driver ask "How do I get there"
My reply "Follow that truck"
Does anyone with a Prophet recommend it as a first boat for a small kid?  I paddled one years ago and remember it being squirrely, prob different for a 70lb kid though.  Any thoughts appreciated. 

Someone offered one to me in a trade but it's 5hrs away so we haven't test paddled it yet.
Tellico 1.7 but it is July
Ok it's not paddling related but these slabs I purchased from a mill in Telico plains!
Great spot to Check out as they also make slab furniture!
Everhart up but the great little bakery
How's this for a canoe ad in the Atlanta CL.:" Epic Canoe - $500   

Grumman canoe 17 foot. I have used this canoe throughout my life. Even after my wife left me with the kids and dog, it was still there to comfort me. After I lost the house I lived in the canoe for 4 years. Fortunately the government couldn't find me while I evaded them for missing child support payments. During that time I floated down the hooch all the way to the Amazon river where I wrestled an anaconda and caught the elusive west Nile virus. After a month on the Amazon river I decided to paddle back up stream to the states. After a week of paddling I was ready to cross the Rio Grande. This was not an easy task, but after evading border patrol, I ended up on the Mississippi river. Making my way past many steams boats I stopped for a spell. After regaining my strength, I returned to my canoe to find that pirates had taken it over and were sailing it towards the closest recycling plant. The canoe being Made from tin would have set the pirate hefty profit and then they could have had several pints of ale with the crew. Acting as quickly as possible, I took the closest steam boat and began my pursuit. Knowing that they had 2 paddles, I knew my work would be cut out for me. After catching up a boarded the canoe and unleashed the dreaded west Nile Virus upon them. After reclaiming my only property I paddled to the Chattahoochee where I am now. This canoe will complete your wildest dreams as long as you have the heart to chase them. I accept cash. That is all.
Gold ball
Pumps? No.
Was at a paddle shop the other day and asked my 6 year old son if he wanted to start paddling whitewater on his own, and pointed to some kayaks. His reply (without my prompting) "No way - kayaks are evil". From the mouths of babes...
finished
Hiawassee dries are runnin at 2500 tomorrow. I have run it once at 1500 and once at 5000. Both of these were so long ago one was in an OCA and the other was in an Encore. On the 5000 run in the Encore, we had Diana Holder and Rise Calloway with us. This was Diana first time back on whitewater after she had drown on the Watauga and Sherwood had to do CPR on here and bring her back to life.%000 on the dries was a pretty good reintroduction to whitewater. Diana's ledge on the Watauga is named after her. I figure I would let you all know how it got it name before some johhnny come lately wants to change it to Diaper pin or Baby powder or something like they did with Hamburger on the Tellico. Oh ya anyone want to go with me and Clark tomorrow? Cabot Anderson, Jeff Richards
Another boat theft!!
Anyone want to sell their dark green Option?
Going to try to make a 2:30 Tellico run if anyone is interested.
The longer you look at it..... The bigger it gets!!!!
Overland falls  in Alberta (33ft) 
Great day with a few butt boaters
#barrelnation
Anyone here ran Henson in the past? Great little unknown Colorado creek.
In Connecticut.  $350.  


Who wants to take a day off tomorrow Wednesday and show me down the Tellico ledges for my pfd?
Hiawasee Dries are runnin KKeith Clarkis lookin for someone to do it tomorrow. It looks like I will bite the bullet and do the upper and lower Ocoee this weekend unless we get
More rain
Any glasses wearers have any suggestions for river glasses? I have the occasional lost contact lens when I get a face full of water...
My daughter had to rip off half the blade for her daddy, gotta love it
Pyranha is having a contest for a t-shirt using the hashtag #ThisGirlCanoes...just sayin'
Ive got some sweet old school Mad River Canoe bags. 
Make me an offer. 
Look brand new.
Will throw in some free bags that leak haha
Anyone have a canoe for sale?
Have local TRPC member looking for beta on TN.  Heads up in bound
Slick edit from Jake Trotter.  Some different angles from a sick day on North River.
Lost an Astral Brewer right sided shoe on the Nantahala on Friday last week.  Grey color, size 11, with maroon lace.  If anyone found it I will pay for shipping and a reward for its return.
Ed Ed Powers your pedestal is headin north. Marie-eve Bôchamp half of your elbows are also
What a great week! Seven straight days of boating!
Cheoah release, Ocoee, chattooga 2x, Part of Citico creek, DoubleCamp, & Conasauga...

Thanks to Louie (for river info and taking me to church lol another Canadian first??? As well for storing my slabs), Nolan & Sudi, (for having us in their beautiful home amongst their great family) John & Liz Deardroff, Amy & Dickie for dinner and another beautifully completed home!

I think pixie says it all!

Footnote: Marie-eve Bôchamp, Michael Bruce Lewis,gave me one elbow pad only :-/
Ed Ed Powers, I got your saddle. Wayne Gulmantovicz, I didn't ever get that close to the 2fun boat - sorry dude!
Who is paddling today and where?
Tonight we raise our glass to you Carter!
Werner Bandit 56" for sale. 
$55.00
Used by right handed paddler. 
Still lots of life left. 
In Boone, but will be in Asheville Wednesday night.
Found adrift by some friends on Clear Creek ( jett-nemo )
Forest services was notified and no missing persons are associated with this as of yet.
Had food and other items but no contact info.
Share and lets see if we can get this back to whom it belongs to.
Some afternoon fun with my baby girl.  Raising them right.
Please message me with comments or suggestions!
Whites Creek visual?
Doublecamp creek today 

Who got a personal first D over the last four days or even a true first D. I know Cabot got four and Chad got one.
This.
Tellico 5.2 and the Obed is 12800. Island and LCC should go.
And about 4 to 6 hours expect a big spike in Tellico it was raining so hard from Conasauga falls to Telico cars were pulled over. Ditches along 68 heart overflowing across the road
Who knew this week I'd see more rain then at ALf?!? Seven straight days of boating! Could I make it right before rippin back to Canada (minus Quebec lol). Today off to the pumping Conasauga!
Had great run with Alex leading us (Charli Kerns, Cabot Anderson, Rich Miller , Pete and a pod paddler who I didn't get his name(sorry)) down stream. Thanks to John & Liz for the shuttle and taking Pixie for a hike. Oh yes, Louie hope you had fun digging moss & ferns ... They do look good in your gardens!
Sometimes things just work out. Today I got to run a true, quality first descent right in my back yard. I've been eyeballing this run for quite a while after fishing this section. Earlier this week, Jake Trotter, Joseph Alexander Gudger, Jon Oody, and myself spent all day putting in a ton of work to clean this run out, thinking it would be months before we would get to run it. However, an epic and rare summer storm had other plans, and we got to run it today. Not only did we get slide off its sick water jumps, but it gave us the opportunity to make some rain gauge correlations that will help with future runs. Stoked. Here is a short edit of some of the bedrock slides at the top. Joe and Jake also styled the first slide, and I'm sure have some epic go pro footage of doing so, but it was not captured on the bank camera.
Headed for Greenbriar. It's 10:45 and we're on 74 in Sylva. 
Join us, won't you?
Lost canoe paddle on the Ocoee. Last seen at Humongous. Carbon blade and lower half of the shaft, wood shaft and t-grip. Name and number should be on it.
Telly..
Anybody going to citco,doublecamp, or conasauga today?
Pour rain LC 1330 put in for Conasauga if any late comers care
Conasauga is right at a foot just got a bridge visual from Fufu
Might head up to the Ocoee on Sunday,  if it's going to be below 3000 cfs 
Anyone have any idea if it will drop to 3000 or below by tomorrow?  It still looked pretty high from pictures posted this morning.
Could the people who reposted the news article about Carter take their's down. Since it is inaccurate it is very upsetting to the family.
Thank you for your consideration.
Damn did Big Creek into the Ocoee run? That is a killer run
Anyone have any knowledge of levels for the whitetop Laurel?
To anyone present on the rivah the day of Carter Worthington's passing:  A close friend of the family contacted me and asked for a report of what happened.  Apparently with all of the chaos they have not been able to receive an accurate report of the incident and do not have many direct contacts within the paddle community.  To anyone who has accurate and first hand accounts of the incident, please contact me and I will pass you over to the family representative.  The family is truly grateful for any and all help.  They are hanging in there and surrounded by family and friends.  Thank you.
Does anyone have any information on when/where memorial service for carter will be held?
My recollection of events:

I arrived at Greenbrier around 5:30 to see if anyone was there doing a late lap. I didn’t see anyone at the take-out, so I drove out to the park boundary and sat waiting for anyone to show up. I saw David Mc pull in a few minutes before 6, so I followed him in to the third pull-out (above wedding beach). We chatted, then headed back to the take out parking lot. As I passed the last rapid right before turning into the lot I saw Carter floating. He seemed to be holding on to Greg Murphy's boat. I thought he was simply swimming him to shore, but soon saw that was not the case. His crew (Greg Murphy and Vince Davis), and another man (Barrett) who had swam across quickly started CPR on river right. I called 911, and within a minute Chuck Hester (the Greenbrier Ranger) showed up. I had already put on my gear, and as soon as Dave Mc got across the river I threw them a rope. At this point they had been performing CPR for about 7-8 minutes or so. They got him back in a PFD, clipped in to the rope then Chuck and I pulled them across. Chuck and myself pulled him ashore and within a few seconds I started chest compressions while Chuck manned the Ambu bag. We felt gurgles here and there. This went on for a few minutes till another ranger showed up (Steve Kloster). Steve took over compressions from me. Within another couple minutes Gatlinburg EMS arrived and started an AED, then loaded Carter into the Ambulance. 

Greg and Vince stated that at one point he was semi-conscious and said something about "floating", but quickly went back out. They could feel him breathing somewhat off and on when they were still on river right, and I noticed him moving his lips even from the other side of the river. Luckily we were in the flatwater below the take out rapid, which made evac easy and efficient. His partners had stated they were on their second lap of the day, that Carter had been having a good day full of smooth clean lines. He had seemed a bit tired during the second lap, and seemed especially sluggish as he dumped his boat between Wedding Beach and Take Out rapids. Carter has a pump installed in his boat, but apparently did not have a charged battery today. His crew stated that he was entering Take Out rapid and simply turned over. He was not underwater for a great deal of time. His crew acted fast to get him to shore, as did Dave Mc, and Barrett. All NPS/EMS staff were on the spot with follow-up care and evac. Within half an hour of the ambulance leaving we got word back that Carter did not have a pulse when he was placed into the Ambulance. Preliminary exams showed no water in his lungs, and ER docs stated it was likely a heart attack or Embolism that caused him to collapse. 

Please get training in swiftwater rescue and CPR. Consider taking a WFR course if it is within your budget, especially if you paddle in the wilderness.
What's the best way to keep prescription glasses solidly on the face?   I use neoprene Croakies that fit pretty tight on the temple/arm of the glasses.  Even with this system my glasses somtimes get pulled almost all the way off my face when i get beatered in a hole or roll in reallly fast water.  Short of using ducktape, what else do you use?
Having a hard time deleting this email...
All the boating I did today..... Like literally, all the boating I did
Tellico back up to 5.96 and it ain't rolled over yet
Just had a thought! CMT has Carter's paddle hanging in their main building (he was pretty excited about that - got a free room for it lol!), that means we get to see a piece of him every year at ALF! That thought makes my heart happy, hope it helps everyone else cause I know we're all hurtin.
Conasauga it seem to be unless I get a visual that Ocoee's big creek is going
Say, this playboat thing is pretty fun!
Who is paddling what?
Fantastic day on Cain / N. Chick.  Thanks, David Dehart for showing us the lines, and thanks Noah Taylor for coming up to boat with me!
Are the trees out of the road along Citico?
Did a hurrican hit North Carolina and some one forgot to tell us? We don't normally have rain like this in July. Steve Arnold thanks for bring the rain but you could have left the cold weather back in Canada
Where to tomorrow? Lemme know so I can go to sleep in time.
When kayaks follow canoes...
Chad Lewis got a true first descent today on a river he has been wanting for a long time. 600 ft per mile section of north river. Wednesday this week they cleaned 3 miles of it of wood. Starts out with three 30 foot+ drops into a mini gorge then the rock type changes from bedrock to boulder garden type run. Video to follow
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

...

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

               --Dylan Thomas
Everyone on the New River Gorge will miss you, Carter Worthington. My story with you is too short, but it will be memorable.
For anyone who wasn't there, this is the text I received this morning containing more details of yesterday's tragedy. 

" The family wanted everyone to know the truth about what happened and one of the people on the trip told us at the meeting this morning. He ran two laps and at the takeout said he was very tired  and slumped forward in his  boat face first into the river. They got him out immediately and. Began CPR. He came to and they asked him if he knew where be was and he said he was floating. He lapsed back into unconsciousness and they resumed CPR. Ambulance  was there within 5 minutes and took over but were unsuccessful."
Anyone headed to wildcat
Tellico real high. Cittico stupid high higher than the huck day the kid from Etlanta drown. Double Camp almost runable. Conasauga in Tellico Plains would be the run
What are everyone's thoughts for runs tomorrow and Sunday? A little early to know what all will run, but thought I'd ask.
Tellico 5.99 @ 0815 can you say Wildcat?
https://youtu.be/jI7M2ELPtro
Who's gonna be at the tellico tomorrow
SUP sponsons
The River Funk & Caney Village have confirmed and will be playing awesome jams all weekend. The raft stage at OAR is reserved. Riverside, reserved. Pavilion, reserved. Rain for creeking, reserved. Fireworks at Sunburst, check. Tacos, check. It's gonna be an awesome weekend. Bring your boats, beer and gear.
Pigs
Has anyone ran vallecito creek (Durango) in an open boat?
After another fun day of paddling with good people; we're hanging at another beautiful spot.
Don't try for Citico
So I hear there's some water in 'nooga.. Who is boating where tomorrow?
Someone show me down conasagua creek
Looks like Cittico
Richland is flashing up right now.
Tellico 2.08 and goin up fast
I don't believe it for a minute but Clark is talkin Cittico or Conasuga as back up
Who needs a canoe.....
Even square sterned PE fishing canoes need some occasional welding and wood work done
Tellico at 1330 and I don't give a fuck what the AW page says
Bob Britt have you ever welded Old Town PE? Kinda strange plastic
Cane Creek at Fall Creek Fall at a 1000 and going up this can't be right can it?
3.5 to 4 inches of rain between now and Saturday. That much would save gas money by not making the drive to the WFT necessary
UY tomorrow?
It appears this thing will not die. I have a piece of it in my Comanche
For the Canadian constituent
J&B Paddles out of West Point, MS....are they good paddles?
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fvimeo.com%2F113459170&h=-AQExJ-Eq
Anyone interested in a dagger venture 17?
Another fun day hooking up with John & Liz Deardorff on the Ocoee; heading to Chattaga (so alert:))
Tonight hung with Nolan & Sudi - very cool
Cabot Anderson can you take Steve Arnold somewhere tomorrow?
Border crossing was the worst ever; the cars were lined up for inspection in every bay so lost an hour! Wow that's the most flooding I've seen just south of Detroit! Cars way off in the fields, in the ditches and some facing backwards up against the median. The ditches were like streams!
Also Lots of construction on i75 ;(
 too. But who cares I'll get there when I do I Ist know I'm on vacation!
Rain stop just before Dayton
Has anyone gotten visual of the big creek at the pigeon?
In case no one noticed the gages are going up very fast.
Ouch
Greenbrier 2.2 and rising
Greenbrier or big creek this afternoon, who's in?
Can anyone get a boat from Dalton GA to Northern VA or the Yough?
Steve not a move I would expect a comservetive to make.
Up to 3 inches of rain in places of East Tennessee. Steve Arnold screw the Chattooga today boat local and go there tomorrow.
Inside ...
Surfs up!
i put the battery in tonight.
Steve Arnold, Cabot Anderson, Keith Clark,  Stephen Rayfield, Alex Vargas and your "Students. It seems I may have lost the rest of yesterday's footage, I had it all.....wait a minute I did down load it to my tablet, so it might not be lost, but the tablet is having some difficulties so it may be a few days before I get it up. Sorry guys this computer shit is greek to me.
double flush.
Ed Ed Powers you saddle is goin north with Steve Arnold when he leaves. Marie-eve Bôchamp same thing with your elbow pads
http://www.theinertia.com/mountain/this-is-so-fcking-scary-kayaker-gets-stuffed-into-a-sieve/

Stay safe out there.
See below...
Yakima roof rack, used on 2013 Honda Civic. With Q towers, clips, crossbars, and faring. In Charlotte. $200
How low can Baby Falls been run in a kayak?
Lime creek (first gorge) today was pretty sick, despite the lowish water. Adrenaline falls is something else when you see it in person. Another 6 foot wide creek for king Louie and you southeast boys.
Very cool day on the water yesterday. 
The 8 sq mile watershed for the Rocky river(of Chatham County) got 3" of water night before last. 
The first guy that dumped me in an open boat (BillC) called yesterday morning and said let's go, so we did 
Ran the Upper section with Bill and a couple other locals that grew up on that river. Don't think I've ever seen 2 guys drink so much beer and chain smoke dry cigarettes all the way down a river before!
Dale Briggs and Pamela Francies Maynard, Cory and Coy joined for the Lower and the Bitch of a hike back out. 
We had to get off the river for a huge thunderstorm to pass for about 30 minutes about halfway down the Lower. 
Slept real damn good last night!
I'm sure Dale will post a short, shaky vid of my entertainment later.
Rolling into Friendsville late tonight. Where the hell do I paddle tomorrow with all this water?
Considering selling my Orange Option, good shape. Yellow Gaia airbags w no leaks, Bob Britt saddle w integrated pump.  including the battery  charger. Come w both regular and wide thwarts$1200 
Atlanta area
Cabot Anderson Keith Clark, Steve Arnold is thirty minutes out. RR track at 0930, then boat launch at 0945.
So what if it only gets 5 miles to the gallon?  How many canoes could fit on/in this thing?
My sweet heart Pixie & I are on route to Louie's then Cheoah!!! Yahoo; lovin life so let the fun & week of rivers begin,....

Besides its got to be warmer then here at 14 deg  :D
I noticed that the USGS gage only got to like 990 today. Be nice if that was tomorrow level as well. I am talkin Cheoah
Cheoah this Sunday anyone ?Followed by WFT next Saturday?
Hi, what brand to airbag recommend? I see there are nylon and vinyl, which is better?
Starting a week of rivers - yahoo!!! 
At the latest Sunday on the Cheoah and the earliest is Sat on the Ocoee.
So who all might be on the Ocoee Sat???
I'm r2ing the cheoah Sunday, anyone else planning on going?
howdy...
Anyone near Sec IV have a set of Bomberbags they could lend someone for the weekend? Usps is slow and I'd really like this fellow to have bags to use this weekend. I will compensate you for your generosity. PM me asap and i will put you in touch with the Guy. 
Thanks!
John Baron Duncan should Cliff Cliff Denson invite you over for a beer please go. You two will enjoy each other's company
Little Tennessee before it became Tellico Lake
Necky Blunt C1 conversion
HYPE - “The Blunt is all about serious creekin'...the blunt excels on everything from technical low volume steep creeks to huge volume flood runs. The Blunt has great speed for making those tough ferries above the big gnarly, and nails eddies as if your life depended on it. A big safe cockpit eases exits on those rare occasions when its time to punch of the boat and swim.”
SPECIFICATIONS - Length: 8'2" / Width: 25.2" / Volume: 76.1 gal / Cockpit Length: 33.9" / Cockpit Width: 16.1" / Paddler weight: 143 - 243 lbs
honestly, this boat moves & feels like an old-school whitewater canoe - stable, agile, comfortable - in an easy-to-transport (former) kayak hull! That's why I bought it. I just have to thin down my "stuff", or I'd hold onto it! (complementary "frankenskirt" included) $250
https://cboats.net/cforum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=7969347

Not my boat.  Barely used Skeeter for sale in WV.  $700 with flotation.
Ocoee in 79 and 81
Does anyone make breakdown paddles anymore, can't find any online?
Not my boat, but I'll fetch it for you....
Mexico in 2000. Saltos and Alsacan. That is Psyco watchin Chad run El Illuminiso and lookin for his own boat he lost on the drop before
French Broad Tandon in 1976
David Young, Michael A. Patrizio was really more of a buttboater than a canoest.
Buffalo in Arkansas 1976
BSF 1981
Gauley 1983
I'm going to be in the hills next Wed-Sun. 
Planning on running Upper Nanty laps on Thurs. 
I think the 4th is Sat. Who's boating where?  Ocoee?  Louie, you in?
Man boating with the squirters.Old school!
Five open boats miss the rock, one buttboater lands on it. Early Ryan Glasser and Cabot Anderson
Watching the news: they were talking about the escaped convicts. Running video of the search, a car went by with a blue Option on it!
No words... except it's one of the funniest things I've ever seen
"The day after his wife disappeared in a canoe accident, an Anchorage man answered his door to find two grim-faced Alaska State Troopers. “We’re sorry Mr. Wilkens, but we have some information about your wife”, said one of the troopers. 
“Tell me! Did you find her?”, Wilkens exclaimed. The troopers looked at each other. One said, “We have some bad news, some good news, and some really great news. Which would you like to hear first?” 
Fearing the worst, Mr. Wilkens said, “Give me the bad news first.” 
The trooper said, “I’m sorry to tell you, sir, but this morning we found your wife’s body in Kachemak Bay .” “Oh my God!”, exclaimed Wilkens. Swallowing hard, he asked, “What’s the good news?” 
The trooper continued, “When we pulled her up, she had 12 twenty-five-pound king crabs and 6 good-sized Dungeness crabs clinging to her, and we feel you are entitled to a share in the catch.” 
Stunned, Mr. Wilkens demanded, “If that’s the good news, then what’s the great news?”
The trooper replied, “We’re gonna pull her up again tomorrow.”
Big Creek: Lou just called reporting 3 feet at top of bubble and 2.8 feet on the straight line of the gauge. He will wait there for Brent and Rick and Seth to show up. Likely do 2 runs
Greenbrier 4 feet
Oh be joyful living up to its name
Got this home last night. One D ring, some lacing and gluing the saddle down is all that's left to do.
Original "Louie Fest" sticker. 2004 Ocoee.  Who wants a piece of history? Notice they included two bladed skirt wearers that year.
can anyone recommend a FB group a newly-minted whitewater kayaker in the Knoxville, TN area can connect with? (my niece is getting into whitewater!)...Thanks!
I want to add some racks to a truck cap. Looking for suggestions.
Alright boys come get your paddles. They are at OAR in my cabin. Tod Vann Noah Taylor
Any of y'all headed to WFT Saturday? If so, post what time you might meet up in case I and a friend can join you.
Learn a lesson XD
Never celebrate to early. But it was one of my first roll`s
Tod Vann needs to get his 2 repaired paddles from Suwanee Ga to OAR. Anybody headed that way this weekend?
Anyone going to WFT Saturday?
Half double blade half single single blade.

https://youtube.com/watch?v=kpj7pxMS9ts
So now that the Ark is the highest its been in 20 years (and still not at its peak for the season), I finally understand why there arent alot of open boaters out here. the term "big water" is a bit of an understatement
If you sign up to receive the comic by email, you'll be sure to never miss one and it's FREE! Go to bubblestreet.ca to sign up.
A email sent out from Bruce...
Anyone out there have a l'edge or octane they are wanting to part with?
Who's going to be at the Ocoee Saturday?
Oh be joyful put in
New options, on a great open canoe in composite lay up!!!
I didn't think wenonah ever made a kayak. What the hell is this?
Free canoe
https://www.facebook.com/groups/georgiacanoe/permalink/10153480451667280/
OK, so it wasn't an epic outing, nor were are there any videos or pics, but with all the rain we've had lately I was able to get out to a local creek after work yesterday. I love boating!!!
1977 Seda ?
 Guy who restored it is looking for any info on the name of this model.
Seda doesn't keep records of serials from that far back.
Shuttle vehicle
Anyone headed to UY any time soon from the south?
Noob outfitting questions: any of the pros here have suggestions on hip padding for an Ocoee? Also, any recommendations on how to raise a saddle and foot peg assembly a couple inches?
Matthew Purebeater

 Time for a name change my friend.
Got a friend heading out to grad school in Wyoming soon.  She's Gonna be looking for some friendly open boaters. Who's out that way?
Don't think I've been this psyched for a new piece of gear since I got my first ww canoe. Can't wait for my Zappaddle!
Second video attempt from aint FQCK fest
Work in process lol


Finally got around to trying my first video 
ITs from Aint FQCK festival


Perhaps some of you all can relate.
I think this will make a fine canoe to fish from, what do yall think ?
Ok, I know it doesn't really count, but.....
Pulled into the play wave at NOC this afternoon. Right next to the 4 kuyaks whose total volume would fit in my front air bag. 
Said "excuse me, I'm just gonna peel out and get out of your way."  Proceeded to pull onto the wave for a quick surf that immediately buried the front of the Octane into a perfect ender. Landed on my side, rolled up (kinda sorta) and pulled away with my pump spraying steady. 
Swear to God, it felt like I knew what I was doing. 
No video, didn't happen. 
but I'll be smiling all the way back to flatlandville tonight!
What glue should I use to stick vinyl ring patches to triple laminate polyethylene hulls on some OT Discoveries. I'm thinking the red can weldwood will work, but I'm not sure. Thoughts? Input?
A boat from the last 1000 year time period
more plastic Options~looks faster then most around-at 60 lbs?
Wicked Wanda on the Slate
Anyone going to the Cartecay Sunday?
I use to love taking him to the Tellico in the summer when he just first started boatin......I didn't feel as bad about the number of swim he was goin to have.
What is minimum cutoff for the watagua river. Thinking about an elf run but would like some input. Never been on it below 180
Matt Haughee airing out the boof at big wood falls on daisy creek, and a first person perspective of the same
Shawn Alexander was asking me about where my ION went to. I told him it lives in Minnesota where the Saint Louise River is always flowing. hope to make  trip out there this fall. shawn here is video from this river, it completely misses footage of 2 of the biggest rapids but shows a lot of the rest. 
Not my boat

Team Edge weed eater belt ? Why yes, thank you, I think Frankie would approve of this ingenuity :)
Anyone down for a late ocoee lap tomorrow? Put on at like 2 or 3? If not I may just shred it.
Randy Travis and G/flex. Might bust open the Old Scout later. Damn good Friday night.
Who's posing the Ocoee this weekend?
Not my Boat, but pretty rare...http://atlanta.craigslist.org/nat/boa/5063340621.html
OK go to Google Earth and zoom in on Baby falls tell me what you see.
Anybody use one of these?
Just picked up one for work.
Crested butte gas station. Not my tag
Beginner rip down in Nova Scotia Medway River. Still getting the hang of the pyranha prelude but not too bad run !
Is the WFT running June 20?
Tellico today? Bob seems to think there is a stream up that way worthy of paddling. Anyone care to join?
Check out the cool new waterproof drone / camera that uses GPS to automatically follow you around and take aerial video of your paddling adventures.
Why did people dislike the everlast bags?
Wednesday and Tellico is 1.7 and more rain before the weekend, ya it is highly unlikely but hope spring eternal. An option to the Slocoee with out having to drive to Ky.
Looking for a good used boat. Esquif or Blackfly preferably.
Staying in Tri Cities tonight.  Unfortunately leaving at 11 AM tomorrow so not enough time to hook up with anyone and do the Nolichucky.  :(
Anyone wanna trade a viper11 for my xl13
Tellico today anyone?
Dr. Philip Prince at the notch
Monkey Spankin....damn that just sounds kinky don't it Dr Philip Prince
He should have gone in the cave. Philip Prince the drop is only part of runnin this rapid
Howdy! Anyone have an ABS canoe like an Ocoee or whatever that I may borrow for attainment practicefoot a couple of weeks? I line in Asheville and drive to Knoxville. Michael, I believe you have a Zoom.
Looking for a used whitewater Open Boat....I really like the Esquif L'edge or the detonator....live in the metro Atlanta area.  Hit me up if anyone is selling a boat.  Also willing to trade for a whitewater SUP that I have.  Corran Streetfighter.
Lost, forgotten and then disappeared...
You guys talk about the class 3 Upper Yough a lot, figured this'd be the place to ask.

I'm a Green local and butt boater who'll find himself in the area the 1st of July.

I have, with my amazing detective skills, discerned that a release is scheduled said day.  However I am unable to find exact time frames.  Also, where might I find adventurous companions to join me on my quest?

Sincerely,
Your Beater.
Rubber pushers ain't always smart, even if it's "canoe" rubber. #beaters
Not mine, but might be an open boater's.
Tracy Hines discussing Alabama whitewater, love for canoeing, and being a American. #Alabama
Tellico at 2.4 and Watauga is 243
hey, y'all coming?
East bound for first Green trip of the year. Another weekend of no Ocoee. If the Russell Fork were to run next weekend followed by the WFT and Cheoah I can push the Slocoee out till Seond week of July
Pulled the drain plug and let him drown...
Did furtrapper  Philip get the eddy my facebook feed would suggest?
Dr Philip Prince at Zwicks. remember this was the Doc first time on the Green......in the Spanish Fly
Cabot Anderson see why they call it Hammer..........
Just picked up my 1988 Dagger Dimension, the Royalex seem far better than Esquifs...anyone have any old Dagger  stickers?
We had some fun the other day. #twoferfun
How a PHD in Rocks preps a broke boat for a green trip
Found this little guy getting resirced in a small hole on the upper ocoee today, scooped it up an gave it a open boat ride to the bank
Dr Philip Prince at Hammer factor
Omega the end
jm,
Cabot Anderson first time runnin Zwicks....hell first time runnin the Green
Should have done the Boof doc Philip Prince
Black water falls down in the easy part betwixt Col. Dicks and Hammer Factor. Easy part? Will I guess all things are reletive
The pause that refreshes........right below Sunshine where Safety is always the issue at hand or in hand
There's a photo of the hull for you.
Anyone know who was taking pictures out at gorilla today? (June 7)?
Michael Bruce Lewis how was the green?
Philip Prince almost went right...backwards but then went left
then he headed left
Cabot Anderson at go left, he went right
Alpha the begining
Marginal Monster on Overflow has new wood
Best shuttle ride in a while... 140 mile round trip to the Ocoee for some C1 playboat action....
Much better
Ran gilman gorge of the eagle today at a very very high, very rowdy flow... it was awesome. 
The open boat crushing in Colorado continues
How do people carry spares in an Octane 92 btw.. my usual place on the sides behind the sidewalls is too short to get my two piece into. Any hints or ideas?
Okay, I think I have the funds for some Fall Line Airbags.  

I want to make sure I get them right though.  I have seen some airbags with extra pockets.

Can ya'll tell me which pockets you have, and for what reason, plus if you could do over, which pockets you would add?

I'm pretty sure I would like a pocket in the bow, to store sunscreen, ear and eye drops, etc.   Contemplating the Spare Paddle Bag, but not sure how easy it would be to use, versus other options.  What do ya'll use your Stern pockets for?

Any info greatly appreciated. A big chunk of money and I want to do it right.

Can message me if you prefer
Someone hit the Norse paddle mother lode... anyone interested? at 29 EUR a pop, I bet these would even be worth reimporting to the US for anyone looking for an indestructible paddle. They double as excellent personal protection devices as well. In Germany.. 


Picked up a plastic welder now I need some broken boats to practice welding  / get welding rods from.  Anyone around Knox, Ocoee, Cleveland, chatty
Pass it around, it is for a good cause....... I have no idea what it may be but dammit is is a good cause.
I'm going to be in Taos New Mexico in early August without a boat for some family stuff.  Does anyone know any open boaters out there who wouldn't mind bumming me some gear and showing me down a run or two?
I'm looking at a Dagger Impulse... Any thoughts on this craft? Good for a beginner? Thirteen footer...
Anyone coming north soon?  UY run,  maybe? 
Need a ride for new canoe saddle made  by Matt Todhunter. Gracias!!
Daughters Frankenboat is almost done. She is getting a nice new Ridge Spirit saddle thanks to Matt Todhunter!
The homestake race has now been canoed, and kayakers here in Colorado now know what an oc is capable of.
Startin' em young. Time to up your game, canoeists.
A short boat with some glide at last. It looks like the bow just pops over stuff.
Lookin to get my 9yr old into her own boat....she weighs about 60 lbs.........anyone got a sidekick or something similar?
I have a youth Astral Otter PFD for sale in good condition if anyone needs one..  $40
So, Soapstone Valley Creek goes with only three/four wood portages--I had to put in a bit lower than what I would have liked.   This was a major elf run but the class III III+ drops all had plenty of water and were loads of fun.  That said, you want an inch of rain in less than an hour and you want to put on while the rain is still coming down pretty hard.  I think we can get to of those three drops cleared out though--it would be some work, but worth it as they are in good drops.
Some Scottish Ditch running...
Russell Fork is runnn at 204 CFS.....just sayin
Old school.....
Alright Keith Clark here it is with the Cascades releases all of them from 1600 till 1900 weekdays only except for the two in Sept. NOC set them up this way so their guides could boat after their raft trips. The good thing is that they are all barefoot weather days.
note: Paul Scriver was the co-pilot on this comic.
Does anyone have a 91 octane that my friend can demo Sunday ? He lives in Chattanooga and I'm going to take him to the nanty to paddle it .
Good times in wet wales with me uncle Bob!

Summer time Russell Fork run? 300 on it is kinda sweet
Lou's visual at Greenbrier shows 1.7
Goods. Come over, beaters!
https://vimeo.com/109590110
The Sickline racecourse.....
I'm really liking Jan, Matt and Bob's go pro European footage.
Low blast down the Guisane...

Boulder gardens in Tessin


Saying as you guys are digging it. Some more Euro boating. This time a little micro creeking........
Finally a little from the UK. Our training run.....


Creeking in Tessin


Conasauga Fall another offspring of mine has ran this......twice
Tellico              1.49
Obed              1270
Watauga           273
For you shift less worthless type who don't have kids and job, or do have a trust fund. While you can get down all three 273 is about perfect on the Watuaga
I have a new AB paddle with white blade.  Need to cut it down in length and trim the blade so it isn't too large for Kailee.  She is 10 and only weighs about 70 pounds.  Also need to take out T-Grip and reinstall it on the shorter shaft.  Comfortable doing everything except the T-Grip.  How can it be taken out without dama