When will the new Nomads be available.  Dagger's website has no mention or description  the new large beyond the video that emerged in late summer.  I'm hearing nothing but crickets from Dagger.  Throw me bone, man.  want that boat!
Todd Wells getting all sorts  crazy on Summit Falls
Freestylin' it up on $ummit Creek. Shot by fellow homie Galen Volckhausen. 

#StrayFromTheBeatenPath

Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research Astral Watershed Drybags Goal Zero KAVU tentree
Actually New Zealand not Iceland but rad fun all the same! GoPro Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Fugoo NZ Yakima AU/NZ
New Zealand's big waterfall with Ben Brown ! http://win.gs/1QXoaUT
Here's little something to inspire your dreams for 2016, and give little taste  what's to come in our feature film that is dropping this spring! Enjoy three minutes  the epic Fossa River in Iceland with paddlers Eric Parker Photography, Aniol Serrasolses and Mountain Mind Collective producer/paddler Todd Wells. Then check out the tour lineup to see when our film, "For The Love" will be playing near you! 
#ForTheLoveTour

We're glad MMC producer/paddler Brendan Wells could still get behind the camera despite his back injury on this leg  the journey. And huge thanks to Dagger Kayaks, Adventure Technology Paddles, Immersion Research and everyone else   was helped make this film possible! 

Feel free to let us know your recommendation for sweet venues in your nearest city! 
April 22nd – Missoula, MT
April 23rd – Bozeman, MT
April 26th – Ottawa, ON
April 27th – Washington DC
April 28th – Charlotte, NC
April 29th – Ashville, NC
April 30th – Atlanta, GA
May 1st – Chattanooga, TN
May 4th – Denver, CO
May 5th – Jackson Hole, WY
May 6th – Sun Valley, ID
May 7th – Boise, ID
May 12th – Whistler, BC
May 13th – Vancouver, BC
May 14th – Bellingham, WA
May 16th – Seattle, WA
May 17th – Eugene, OR
May 18th – Arcata, CA
May 20th – Portland, OR
May 21st - Hood River, OR
Happy New Years Everyone... We are very excited for tomorrow!

The Raffle & Silent Auction is ready for tomorrow. Along with the local microbrew's Porter (which is free). Items included are listed below. First 5 tickets will be free, additional tickets are 5 for $5 or 15 for $10. The winners will be announced at 2:30 pm during the Merrimack Valley Paddlers feast at the Unitarian Church. 

Raffle: 
       Perception Kayaks Pirouette Super Sport Kayak.
       $375 Gift Certificate towards any Mitchell Paddles, Inc. paddle. 
       $200 Gift Certificate through NH Kayak Center for any Jackson Kayak boat.
       Free One on One Kayak Lessons with Outdoor New England. There will be 1 winner for the following three courses: learn to roll, novice river running, introduction to freestyle. All courses can be tailored to individual. All gear included. 
        Last but not least Adam Attarian's Jug!

Silent Auction: 
       Dagger Kayaks Prescription 6.7, starting bid is $275
       Pyranha Kayaks i3, starting bid is $150. 
       Wave Sport Ace, starting bid is $100. 

#bigthingscoming #getoutsidenewengland #getoutside #getoutsidenh #gonh #outside #outdoors #newengland #newhampshire #nh #revitalization #community #sustainability #permaculture
On New Years Day, Outdoor New England will have its first open house from 10-2 at 376 Central St.

Reasons to come... FREE (yes free) Raffle for new Mitchell Paddles, Inc. Paddle, Retro Kayak and lessons. silent auction. Free beer (for those  age) from new Franklin Microbrewery. And renderings  the City's Revitalization Program.

Thanks to MVP, the raffle drawing will be done at the Church at 2:30.

Please help get the word out.

#bigthingscoming #getoutsidenewengland #getoutside #getoutsidenh #gonh #outside #outdoors #newengland #newhampshire #nh #revitalization #community #sustainability #permaculture
Hi :) What White water kayak would suggest for beginner like myself ? My Weight is 87-kg and will be using it around the North and South Island  New Zealand ? Thanks heaps :) Brendon
A cool rapid on the Papallacta. Sad that this river among many more in Ecuador will be without water soon. #RunItWhileYaCan

Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research Astral Goal Zero KAVU tentree Watershed Drybags
Hi there... need to contact dagger kayak... Can please anyone give me an email address please??
Dagger Kayaks voted as best rated for whitewater kayaking!
In order to go white water kayaking, need five items  essential gear: kayak, paddle, helmet, personal flotation device (PFD), and sprayskirt. In colder water or certain weather conditions, you’ll also need insulating layers.
I'm hoping this message will get to the right person.or pass this on. The Transport care  the kayak please please wrap to protect my new boat. 1st Stratos was damaged by carrier. Please protect the 2nd as miss being in the water, put my boat on consignment with my local shop, to help pay for this Stratos, today the Stratos came in. Damaged. Today my kayak that gave to the shop to sell, sold.
I'm hoping this message will get to the right person.or pass this on. The Transport care  the kayak please please wrap to protect my new boat. 1st Stratos was damaged by carrier. Please protect the 2nd as miss being in the water, put my boat on consignment with my local shop, to help pay for this Stratos, today the Stratos came in. Damaged. Today my kayak that gave to the shop to sell, sold.
My 3 - 15' dagger kayaks. wonderful stable ride, glides thru the water like hot knife thru butter..... love My Dagger
Here's little taster  what you're voting for... If like what see please head over to http://www.kayaksession.com/short-film-2015-voting/ and give my short GoPro film 'Iceland, Waterfall Mecca' vote in the Kayak Session Magazine Short Film  the Year Awards. Thanks! 

Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Enjoying this 3 days paddling on the rio Maipo with high water. can not believe this river is going to disappear... #noaltomaipo #rioslibres 
Palm Equipment Double Dutch Paddles Dagger Kayaks
Hi Guys, my short film 'Iceland, Waterfall Mecca' has made the Top 10 finalists in this years Kayak Session Magazine Short Film  the Year Awards. would be super stoked if could take moment to vote for it here, voting is open for one week only. Thanks team!!! 

Red Bulll GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Fugoo NZ Yakima AU/NZ
Dagger ambassador Liam Fournier spelunking in the new Nomad prototype
Tunnel Waterfalling its thing now get after it !!!
Wearing your life jacket while boating has no special season or holiday, it's year-round, life-saving practice. With cold-weather boating happening in many locales, those wearing life jacket when exposed to cold water and cold-water shock have life-saving advantages such as insulation from the cold, buoyancy and reduced risk  aspiration  water. In addition, with new boaters anxiously venturing into holiday-time waters with kayaks and canoes received as gifts, everyone needs to "Keep It Merry and Wear It." --including Santa!
Hello all those at Dagger Kayaks! We thought that might be interested in our most recent post! Between the 100 ft waterfalls and plunging canyons, Johnston Canyon makes for an awesome whitewater trip. Our new blog post and video by Sam Dickie is sure to get your adrenaline pumping!

http://bit.ly/1NXitqZ
Johnson Canyon is big tourist attraction, located along the Bow Valley Parkway in Banff National Park. The canyon is filled with perfect 20 – 100 foot waterfalls which makes it perfect lo…
How long will we have to wait before the full specs  the new Nomads are released? need to start looking into new boat for spring.
Ever wanted to learn how to run waterfall? Dagger ambassador Quinn Connell shows how!
Quinn sets his bow angle in Mexico. Photo by David Spiegel. Bow Angle By Quinn Connell One  the most fundamental crossovers between playboating and creek
Chris charging the big one first. Always good to see someone go first. Kokatat Snap Dragon Dagger Kayaks
Whitewater Wednesday.  Team paddler Sam Sam P Grafton has ROWDY line on Tumwater, just few miles from the Werner Paddles headquarters.  Waters high out in the Pacific NW, wishing everyone safe lines.  Dagger Kayaks #WhitewaterKayaking
We've had such great year with our friends at Dagger Kayaks. They've raised money for First Descents, sponsored participant by donating brand-new kayak, and so much more. We are thankful for their support  our mission, and helping us to get more young adults out there, and #OutLivingIt!
Splitwheel into Lunar Orbit into MC Nasty combo in slow motion.
Dagger Kayaks
Paddler Palm
Palm Equipment
Sony Mobile PL
G'power Paddles

#graz #Austria #kayaksession #kajak #kayak #freestyle #daggerkayaks #Dagger #gpower #paddle #palmequipment #sony #sonymobilepl #Ican #xperia #tomek #Czaplicki #szkołakajakowa #kayakschool #czaplickifun
Shout out to our friend Peter Ely for throwing down this SICK video  his 2015 highlights! Keep charging!
It was an amazing year and had so much footage piled up that couldn't put all  it in one video. So there is lot  left over, oh well! But so good!…
dagger dancing sunset s branch
Check out this awesome article by By Haley Wisniewsk from Point Park College, on Paddle Without Pollution Founder, Melissa Rohm, and her relentless pursuit and dedicated work to clear our waterways from illegally dumped trash and debris. Inspiring story for women paddlers and women conservationist everywhere.

http://www.pointclickpgh.com/paddle-without-pollution-co-founder-inspires-safe-ways-to-clean-the-waters/
Paddle Without Pollution Co-founder Finds Safe Ways to Clean the Waters November 30, 2015 by Haley Wisniewski Leave Comment By Haley Wisniewski Melissa Rohm sits in her kayak filled with litter she picked out  the water near Allegheny Islands State Park in Cheswick, PA.  Photo provided by Paddle…
Dagger ambassador Edward Muggridge going HUGE at Cascada Truchas in the large #Newmad. This was Edward's first good-sized rapid since breaking his arm #vengavamos
Lighting the fire here on day 1 in Mexico.. 8  the boys rapped in to Truchas today and it was SICK! check out these 2 Edward Muggridge and Knox Hammack taking us through the day! YEWWWWWWWWWWWWW ! #KeepItRealPart2

Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles Werner Paddles Immersion Research VOKE TAB Astral Whitewater Ultimate Ears Tribe Rider #LE8 #Greenjacket #powerhouse #geronimo #7Figure #Royale #Hiyaks #Nomad9 #Newmad #Truchas #Mexico #Stoked #FIREISLIT
Happy #witewaterwednsday everyone. Check out this awesome run in Dagger Kayaks Mamba propelled by Werner Paddles Sho-gun bent shaft!
Looking for great organization to support on #GivingTuesday? Check out our friends at First Descents! This incredible program puts young cancer survivors and fighters into kayaks to help them grow past their diagnosis and #outliveit
Even after Ben Marr got the #FirstD back in 2013, the legendary #SiteZed  the Grand Canyon  the Stikine stands out as one  the most difficult and dangerous rapids in the world. Check out this AWESOME video!
The Stikine for years has been considered the pinnacle  big volume expedition kayaking, however for years the Site Zed rapids remained un-run. Now years later…
Hecharle un vistazo este video que edito  Ryan F Lucas de nuestras aventuras en peru !! Paddler Palm  Aleix Salvat Cuevas Palm Equipment Double Dutch Paddles Dagger Kayaks Milyun Clothes
Sean Morely taking the new Dagger Stratos out for little rip! 
#openwater #rockgarden #Stratos
We took the new dagger Stratos out for test paddle under the Golden Gate Bridge to the Marin Headlands. mellow day but the boat handles superbly and am...
Expand and Extend!

So happy on how this turned out!!

Share the experience!

Thanks to Planet Canoe for all the support!

Also special thanks to:: 
Immersion Research
NRS
Dr. Simi Fans
Dagger Kayaks

and la chica Crista Wiles 

Check it out!!! 

https://vimeo.com/146524856
dagger cruising rancocas creek, n. branch, rancocas state park.  obliged.
One  the many things we're #thankful for is First Descents! FD does an amazing job  getting young cancer survivors and fighters on the water to discover just how to be #outlivingit

Check out this video  FD camper Erica, and what kayaking meant for her after her diagnosis
As part  the partnership between Dagger and First Descents, First Descents solicited meaningful essays from previous campers about how kayaking had changed...
Team Dagger's Anna Levesque on what motivates her, and why she loves to kayak!
Anna Levesque is world reknown kayaker and instructor, and leader in the female kayaking community. We're so proud to have her on Team Dagger!
Anna Levesque is so cool! She's Dagger Kayaks & BIC SUP pro and founder  Girl's at Play - https://youtu.be/wlGheBsj3FA
Just purchased Dagger Katana 10.4 from REI here in Michigan and wanted to put sticker on my vehicles, any way can convince to send me couple  stickers??
Early summer in New Zealand with Dagger Kayaks's Ben Brown! #kayak #kayaking
Nice one Ben hope your loving the Boat Fergs Kayaks Wellington has one more Dagger green boat for sale in Dagger Kayaks Green. If want to go as fast as Ben it's what you'll need.
Pequeño edit remando mis primeros saltos en caracautin (chile) con buenos amigos Paddler Palm  Aleix Salvat Cuevas Ryan F Lucas Gerd Serrasolses Albert Aixas Jared Seiler  J Wes Dixon Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Double Dutch Paddles Milyun Clothes  Rivers Lakes & Oceans Ian Garcia
I love my jitsu more and more every single time I'm on the water.
Wizard's Eye in Madagascar, river running, incredible wingsuit flying. With Tyler Bradt & crew.  NRS Dagger Kayaks KAVU
Our friends at Unsponsored with great interview  Dagger athlete Anna Levesque! Get to know more about Anna!
Our Iceland video is part  the Kayak Session Magazine Short Film  the Year Awards - check it out! Shot 100% on GoPro 

Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley Fugoo NZ
Muskoka Kayak School really like their Axiom 6.9s :) 

But, why not advertise them more? It really is superb kayak for introducing children to kayaking - and we NEED more children in the sport! Come on Dagger tell the world about the awesome 6.9!
Sweet The Green Race recap from Dagger Kayaks paddler Gareth Tate and friends.
Team Dagger's Gareth Tate put this SICK edit together  people going fast and taking chances at The Green Race! Check it out, and congrats to everyone   makes the Green Race what it is! #whatsyourexcuse
More info and results here! greenrace.amongstit.com Full race coverage from the 20th anniversary Green River Narrows Race. Produced by: Gareth Tate Video…
It was great getting fall lap in on my favorite river

Dagger Kayaks
Five Ten
KAVU
Werner Paddles
Fine tuning and dialing things in at the new shop at 14-16 Washington st. Yakima Racks Klean Kanteen Pau Hana Surf Supply Bison Coolers Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles Astral Wilderness Systems Fishing Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles
SO MUCH STOKE from The Green Race! Some Dagger results:

Adriene Levknecht - 1st in Women's long and short (new course record!)
Geoff Calhoun - 3rd in Men's long boat, 3rd in hand paddles
Hunter Cooper - 3rd in Men's short boat
Emily Shanblatt - 3rd in Women's long boat
Chris Gragtmans - 3rd in Iron Man

We're so proud  all our athletes, and everyone   competed in the Greatest Show in Sports! (Great photo  Adriene by Clay Landrum)
Congrats to First Descents & Dagger Kayaks' Adriene Levknecht on her record setting run at The Green Race! #kayak #whitewater
The The Green Race is going down today....  looking forward to the results! NRS Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles American Canoe Association  https://www.facebook.com/thegreenrivernarrowsrace/
Super stoked to give away this custom Green Boat last night. In just few short hours, we'll be going fast and taking chances at The Green Race!
Photo  the Day: Dagger Kayaks team kayaker Galen Volckhausen in Iceland by Camp4 Collective
Whitewater Wednesday.  Just 3 more practice days till The Green Race.  Always threat to win, Dagger Kayaks and Werner athlete Chris Gragtmans is armed with his new Odachi and ready to make run at the "Grafe Glass" prize for First place.    do want to see win come Saturday at High Noon?  #OdachiGreenRace #GreenRace #WhitewaterRace
STOKED the rain is finally here! 4ft LDUB lap today was off the chain. Unfortunately forgot how to eardip and boof and hold on to my paddle... Gonna try that one again tomorrow! 
Dagger Kayaks//Adventure Technology Paddles//Smith Optics//Immersion Research
Max Karlsson trying to lose his lunch with RIDICULOUS combo
Hold onto your cookies. Hit the spin cycle with rising freestyle star Max Karlsson. 

Watch More:  http://candk.me/t8S0PL
Local kayaker Adriene Levknecht reminds us to always remember why started kayaking.  Happy Friday Sunrifters!  ARE BEAUTIFUL!  Dagger Kayaks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1QZn1-3eUs
i love the jitsu
Tyler Bradt going big in Madagascar on the Wizard's Eye expedition
Tyler Bradt firing off Heaven and Hell on Madagascar's Ikopa River.

Watch the first episode charting the Wizard's Eye leg to the 'Great Red Island' http://candk.me/Qy8hY7
We're so stoked on our BEST CUSTOM BOAT YET!

Don't miss The Green Race Pre-Party on Thursday, November 5th at Highland Brewing Company in Asheville, NC! We'll be raffling off this bad boy to raise money for the Green River Access Fund What's your excuse?

#gofasttakechances #bestcustomboatever #whatsyourexcuse
Tyler Bradt teeing up some Indo magic in the surf kayak. Leg Three, Part One took the expedition through Indonesia and across the Indian Ocean to the Seychelles. Part Two the expedition continues to escalate as the Wizard's Eye drops South. Releasing in conjunction with Canoe & Kayak Magazine, Wednesday Oct 28th!  NRS Goal Zero Dagger Kayaks VOKE TAB Adventure Technology Paddles GoPro #Winning
Our friends from Quebec Connection going fast and taking chances, getting ready for The Green Race!
The boys following each other in the PotHole rapid on the Neilson river at lower water yesterday. #GreenRaceTraining

Les boys dans le rapide de la Souricière hier sur la rivière Neilson à 1.5

Shot | Emrick Blanchette

Vallée Bras-du-Nord Zec Batiscan-Neilson Dagger Kayaks Kayak Detail
The boys following each other in the PotHole rapid on the Neilson river at lower water yesterday. #GreenRaceTraining

Les boys dans le rapide de la Souricière hier sur la rivière Neilson à 1.5

Shot | Emrick Blanchette

Vallée Bras-du-Nord Zec Batiscan-Neilson Dagger Kayaks Kayak Detail
Staff member David Smith going old school with shudder rudder in his Dagger Kayaks custom Axiom. Photo: Simon Reed
Here's the final instalment from myself and Anton Immler's epic adventure around Iceland. Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb  Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
RedBull.com Adventure put together rad edit  our Icelandic road trip! Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment  Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb Fugoo NZ Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Anton Immler
Check out this AMAZING video  Adriene Levknecht, and learn why it took failure for her to remember why she loves kayaking. We're so proud  Lil A! #youarebeautiful #charge #rememberwhyyoulovekayaking
Team Dagger's Adriene Levknecht is the greatest female kayaker in the world, but it took failure on the biggest stage for Adriene to remember what her love f...
Our friend Tyler Bradt tackles Minus Rapids on the Zambezi River in borrowed boat! Wizard's Eye Dagger Kayaks KAVU NRS
Congratulations to all the King  New York participants, including Adam Freeman,   won brand new Green Boat! 
#gofasttakechances #lilrip
I love kayaking. 
The passion have for the sport makes me believe that is not enough just to run the "shit". For me is as important to share kayaking as well as raise the awareness  the people to preserve the rivers. 
I am so happy to be heading back to Colombia to run project  expanding kayaking and preserving the environment. Can't wait to see how it will turn out!!  

Me encanta kayakear!! 
La pasion que tengo por el deporte me hace creer que no es suficiente solo correr los mejores rios y los mas fuertes, sino compartir y hacer  mas grande el deporte del kayak como tambien crear mas conciencia en la conservacion de los rios.
No podria estar mas contenta de regresar San Gil para hacer un proyecto de expandir kayak y el cuidado del medio ambiente! 

Thanks for your help!'
Immersion Research
NRS
Dagger Kayaks
Dr. Simi Fans
Aventurec
Próxima parada Perú !! Empieza la aventura gracias por cuidarnos tan bien en Madrid :) Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Double Dutch Paddles Milyun Clothes Pallars Riders
This weekend is Whitewater King  New York's Moose River Festival!

Come on out to Old Forge, NY to race the Bottom Moose and party with Team Dagger!
#fallcolors at the #mooseriver 

#moosefest #kingofnewyorktraining #newmoon #wernerpaddles #odachi #daggerkayaks #driprings #demshitz #w2ny #taylurking
Dagger Kayaks'  Tomasz Czaplicki Freestyle Kayaker ride on baby wave that won him the 2015 #EuroCup. #kayak #freestyle
Congrats to Chris Hipgrave and Adriene Levknecht for smoking the competition at the Ocoee Race. Adriene would have finished 7th in the men's division [cough] ahead  Chris Gragtmans [cough]
Team Dagger and friends were out at the 2015 Ocoee race in force. Chris Hipgrave took first place in Elite Men's Longboat and second in short boat. But the big winner  the day was Team Dagger's Adriene Levknecht,   not only smoked the competition in Elite Women's Longboat, her 29:30 was faster t…
Tomasz Czaplicki with no regard for human life in this ridiculous display  freestyle kayaking! This ride won him the Euro Cup for 2015
That's my final run from Euro Cup final event in Jelenia Góra. 
 not bad :) I'm still working with my combo moves. 

To jest mój ostatni, finałowy przejazd finałowych zawodów Pucharu Europy we Freestyle'u Kajakowym, które odbyły się w Jeleniej Górze. Cieszę się, że własnie w moim rodzinnym mieście postawiłem kropkę nad i, zdobyłem Puchar Europy.
Hi there.  The rear bulkhead in my Dagger Axis 12, which bought just this summer, has come unsealed.  The gray caulking that attached it to the boat hull is detached.  Water now flows freely below the bulkhead to the dry compartment.  How do recommend reseal the bulkhead?
The Dagger Green Boat. Go Fast. Take Chances. Win Races.

http://www.dagger.com/green-boat

Awesome picture from Sarah Ruhlen!
Look at that smile!  My son kayaking for the first time in one  your kayaks. He was camping with his Boy Scout troop.
New Dagger Kayaks colors are pretty hot.
You like new colors? We got new colors!
We are stoked to announce that we have some brand new colors for you, available immediately!  Blaze (orange/white/blue) will be available on all Axioms, Jitsus, Mambas, new Nomads, and Katanas Aurora (magenta/blue/gray) will be available on all Axioms, Jitsus, Mambas, new Nomads, and Katanas Photon…
Our National Technical Director Ben Lawry going HUGE in his Stratos.  ever said sea kayaking needs to be boring never told us

#Stratos
Surfing isn't just for boards, Ben Lawry goes bow up at Presque Isle, Lake Superior. #PureMichigan #PureYooper #yooper #lakesuperior #dagger #seakayak #seakayaking #lakesuperior #unsaltedlifestyle #unsalted #downwindsports #marquette #presqueisle
My Feather River Fest  race lap from the other weekend. placed 2nd behind Pruett as well as missed mandatory middle line. think the round about way took was longer anyway. Great event and banging party cant wait for next year!
Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles NRS
Here's the final instalment from myself and Anton Immler's epic adventure around Iceland. Red Bull GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb  Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
Team Dagger's Malcolm Smith, shredding the Ocoee in his Axiom 6.9. Unlike other kid-sized boats, the Axiom 6.9 has forgiving yet usable chines, to teach edge control and let kids   haven't fully developed carry more speed into eddy turns, peel outs, and ferries.

Go Malcolm Go!
Malcolm, paddles the Ocoee River. Dagger Kayak, kids kayak, Tennessee, Jim Snyder, big water.
Congrats to Sickline Queen & Dagger Kayaks superstar Martina Wegman! #whitewater #kayaking https://instagram.com/p/8S8EeUk49B/
Running the Falls on the Reedy River in Greenville SC 




Congrats to Dagger Athlete Martina Wegman on her top prelims time at Sickline World Championships!  

It's going to be quite the show tomorrow...

http://www.kayaksession.com/gerd-serrasolses-and-martina-wegman-win-prelims-2015-sickline-prelims-full-results/
Check the 2015 Sickline Prelims Full Results, Women (Top 8 women advance to finals), Men (Top 48 advance to Semi Finals)
Thanks to Dagger Kayaks and Palm Equipment for making our custom Axioms. We can look extra stupid on the Dart this winter.
:) :) :)  The stoke is high!

#staysafe #joaquin #letsgokayaking
Trade Alert!
2015 Dagger Kayaks Roam 9.5 crossover kayak in perfect condition for only $689.00.
Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
Trade Alert!
2010 Dagger Kayaks Axis 12' in great condition for only $449.00.
Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
Después de 6 dias entrenando en Oetz (Austria) hoy porfin salió el sol!! Aquí os dejo un pequeño video entrenando en la salida del tramo de clasificación. Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Milyun Clothes Pallars Riders KAYAK SORT Dani Gallego Iker Carreto  Double Dutch Paddles Ian Salvat Cuevas Aleix Salvat Cuevas
Local boater Matt Godfrey enjoying blue skies in one  our favourite boats the Dagger Kayaks Axiom. 

Photo: Laura Tucker
Wizard's Eye sailing into Hout Bay, Western Cape, after rounding the Cape  Good Hope thus completing Leg Three!!! Thanks so much to all the people and amazing companies   have helped get us this far. NRS Smith Optics VOKE TAB Goal Zero Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles 
>>http://www.kavu.com/wizardseye.html<<
Mister Junior Kayaker ( 3Years young ) 
He was paddling for the first time with his Dagger Kayak and he looves it!
Here's video to keep up to date with the New Dagger Kayaks Nomad. Enjoy! 
#paddleexpo

http://youtu.be/M3O06UgfNJw
Dagger ambassador Emily Shanblatt taking advantage  recent rainfall to grab one  the crown jewels  the Southeast, Linville Gorge

Photo by Ben Blake
Kayak Review: Five reasons the Rapid staff love Dagger Kayaks' Katana.
Check out this awesome video from Dagger ambassador Brett Mayer!
Why do we go to the river? What does it mean to be wild? How do our relationships with mountains & rivers change over time? Winter to Spring tries to anwer
Had sick weekend in Interior BC. Ran the Spillimachine, Tangiers and finally got to run Sutherland Falls. Huge crew  15 people between 2 groups fired up this thing. Fired up on my line and stoked to get some more big drops this fall ! 

Kokatat Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles West Coast Lifestyle Aquabatics Calgary Nikki Rekman Sales
Could not be more happy on life. Wrist is feeling great and ran waterfall have missed out on flows for the last 4 years !!! High as deeks Sutherland with the sickest crew could have asked for !! Video to come 

Sea to Sky Whitewater Dagger Kayaks Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Kokatat Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Team Dagger's Tomasz Czaplicki going HUGE in Prague!
Some Space-Phonixes from Prague :)
Big thanks to everyone   entered the raffle at Gauley Fest this year! We were able to raise over $3500 for  American Whitewater and one lucky participant went home with this sweet new ride!
Whitewater park, Bend OR, nice product placement, thx!
We made it al the way to Nuremberg, at Paddleexpo, mainly to see this new baby from Dagger Kayaks... The completely new Nomad!!!!! Keeping it up with legendary past, the future is all yours!!! #nomad #paddleexpo
Dagger Kayaks Jitsu 5.9

Used once!
Dagger Kayaks Mamba 7.5

Excellent condition! Used only on flat water. One previous owner. Comes with Skirtworks skirt!
Free T-Shirt to the first person   guesses what this is and where it's going
Every store ive been in and online shops do not have axiom 8.5s. Anyone have any suggestions or know when the new model is releasing?
Fall Swap starts tomorrow!  We've got boats from Fluid Kayaks, Wave Sport (some brand new, hugely discounted), Jackson Kayak, Dagger Kayaks and more! We are even selling some  our SUPs from NRS and Hala Gear! Also, tons  gear, and even raft and some rafting gear, so be sure to stop down!
Ben Brown KILLING IT in Iceland! Check out this incredible video!
Ben Brown and Anton Immler attack Iceland's most famous waterfall.
Here is part 2 from last months awesome road trip around Iceland with Anton Immler and Ryan Heron. It's always sweet to get back to Godafoss and enjoy one  my favourite waterfalls. GoPro  Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Fugoo NZ
VIVA MEXICO!!!! 

Feliz dia de la Independencia! Nada mejor que pasar el dia con la inaguracion del Campeonato del mundo!!!  

What great way to start World Championships! 
Happy Independence day!!! MEXICO❤️

Aventurec
Immersion Research
NRS
Dagger Kayaks
DR.SIMI
Still counts as swim!
On our 08:00 am Sanctuary Cruises whale tour, just outside the harbor in Moss Landing, two kayakers on tandam kayak were almost crushed to death by massi...
Really stoked to be giving kayak away to one  the participants  First Descents camp. Our friends at FD have really pulled out all the stops to help people #outlivingit
We are thrilled to announce our Whitewater Scholarship with Dagger Kayaks! If you're First Descents alumnus we want to submit an essay (500 words or less) along with some photos on why want to pursue kayaking and what Out Living It means to you!

Submit your essay + photos by midnight Sept. 30th. FD staff will vote and the winner will walk away with brand-new Dagger kayak! 

Submissions can be emailed to marketing@firstdescents.org

GOOD LUCK!
Edward Muggridge has been killing it in 2015! Check out this INSANE video!
Its all about getting out there and having the time  your life with all  your best friends in the most amazing places in the world.. So incredibly stoked on…
Broken Islands, British Colombia.
Photo: Joe Jackson
GoPro photo  the day from last weeks epic Athlete Camp. 

Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Red Bull ilabb Peugeot Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
Congrats to team manager Chris Gragtmans for tying the knot this weekend! #BestCakeEver #ACunit15
Some footage from out trip to Iceland. Great way to make the most  Icelandic #mystopover Kokatat Dagger Kayaks Máté Márton Watershed Drybags Snap Dragon Sweet Protection Whitewater Jess Matheson Daan Jimmink

The Same Photo  Bryan Cranston Every Day

samephotoofbryancranston@gmail.com
Stop by our Paddlefest booth at the  Humboldt Bay Aquatic Center going on right now! Enjoy some FREE kayaking on the bay and find some great deals on boats throughout the weekend at both stores! Jackson Kayak, Wilderness Systems Kayaks, Perception Kayaks, Dagger Kayaks
The Madras Fun Tools wrecking crew had good fun testing the new boats available now in India. This one especially, Dagger Kayaks Axiom, it's sweet platform to improve dramatically your paddling technique, especially when have the luck  driving it down the Malabar Express
Saturday, Sept 12, 2015 will be our final demo  the season! 
We'll be there rain or shine, with large selection  kayaks and stand-up paddle (SUP) boards, from the top brands we carry like Wilderness Systems Kayaks, Native Watercraft, Dagger Kayaks, Perception Kayaks, Eddyline Kayaks, Hurricane Kayaks, Surftech USA, C4 Waterman. We even bring paddles to try from Werner Paddles, and Bending Branches as well as PFDs from Astral. 
This is your last chance to try out that kayak or SUP you've had your eye on all summer, so don't miss out! #finaldemo2015 #rainorshine #shopgetoutdoors
Friday's Finds includes lots  #RVA paddlers, from Dagger Kayaks and Ocean Kayak, plus some great stuff from Va Beach anglers with Hurricane Kayaks and Adventure On The Water. Check out all the great local content from Virginia!

#paddleva #kayakfishing #whitewaterkayaking
Love this course!! World Champs are almost here!! 

Buenisima pista, y muy buenos entrenamientos antes del mundial!

Immersion Research
Dagger Kayaks
NRS
Aventurec
DR.SIMI
My new Kayak Cribbage Board! !!!
Take journey into the life  Dagger ambassador Cooper Sallade, as he lifestyles his way across BC #church
Follow young ripper Cooper Sallade as he travels around southwest British Colombia exploring its world class whitewater.
Watch as Pacific Northwest boater and Werner's home town Team rider, Sam Grafton, gets after it in Norway.  Got to love the beauty that surrounds some unreal whitewater in this amazing place.  Dagger Kayaks #Whitewaterkayaking #Bomberwhitewater
Here's part 1  myself & Anton Immler's 3 part series following our adventure around Iceland - enjoy!

GoPro Peugeot Dagger Kayaks ilabb Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Ive been injured for quite some time recently.. in that time ive been able to put together an idea  mine in the form  2 part movie called "Keep It Real". It is about my goals for 2015 and the time pend paddling around the world with all  my friends   share the same passion! 

take look and give it share if can!!

https://vimeo.com/138833611

#KeepItReal

Dagger Kayaks Astral VOKE TAB Ultimate Ears Tribe Rider World Class Academy OKS Keeners
Dagger athlete Ben Brown just wrapped up an INSANE Iceland expedition. Check out the amazing footage!
Join Ben Brown and Anton Immler as they explore the waterfall mecca  Iceland. This 14 day circumnavigation  the island showcases the rugged beauty  the...
Inspiring story from First Descents camp participant and cancer survivor Michael Burek. Michael regained his confidence and strength through kayaking with Dagger athlete and First Descents lead staffer Adriene Levknecht. We are so proud  Michael, Adriene, and everyone at FD   make #outlivingit possible!
Cancer is lonely.  Young adults affected by cancer know this all too well.  One  the biggest contributors to feelings  loneliness for young adult survivors is the lack  belonging.  It can be hard not knowing if there are others out there like you, dealing with the unique challenges cancer di…
Stoked to see Men's Journal run story about some  the recent adventures! Red Bull GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
The only leg  the King  New York race series where get two laps is the Eagle Race. Brad McMillan's video shows why... #rubbinisracin
Unfortunately, didn't have the race was hoping for at the Eagle this weekend.  Take peek into my first run! Acton starts around 13 seconds. #KONY #beatersgonnabeat
#morethanjustashop. This winter we have named and made group for our series  winter talks/movies and have some exciting names already lined up! Make sure to follow this The Winter Warmers group so don't miss out on some fantastic weekday entertainment at your favourite kayak shop. Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Pyranha Kayaks Dewerstone Gene17Kayaking Kokatat System X Sweet Protection Mind 4 Adventure The Quay Climbing Centre
Just threw together this edit  The Clear Fork  the Cowlitz River. Little bit  hiking but lot  fun. Washington staple for sure and drop dead beautiful. 
Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles NRS Airborn Athleticshttps://vimeo.com/138425180
Still feeling fired up from Robe last week.  This rapid never gets old

Dagger Kayaks
Sweet Protection Whitewater
Five Ten
KAVU
Werner Paddles
Only week left to enter my GoPro #hero4session giveaway! All have to do is share this video using the hashtag #bbxgopro & make sure like this page. Winner drawn September 14 - good luck! Red Bull Peugeot ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
I have question ? wonder if the crossfier series  Dagger is good kayak?
https://vimeo.com/137802320

As promised El Grande Rio Cotahuasi 2015 !!! Stoked with how this project came out. So many good times down in peru this past spring and this trip was definitely highlight  my life. Such great crew, river and country ! looking forward to going back some year soon ! 

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Here's look at myself and Anton Immler's road trip around Iceland through the eyes  my friends over at RedBull.com Adventure. Buckle up and enjoy the highlight reel from our two week adventure in one  the most magical countries on the planet. Big thanks to Ryan Heron for the camerawork and Shams for the edit.

Red Bull GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles #GoPro
Sometimes, the ladies take over!  Feel free to tag yourself/friends...

(Photos- Chris Gragtmans)
Tomasz Czaplicki Freestyle Kayaker getting it done at the World Championships in Canada!  We're sending good vibes north to Team D and all Worlds competitors!

(Photo credit- 2015 ICF Canoe Freestyle World Championships)
Epic, stoked to see myself & Anton Immler's GoPro clip from our Iceland mission make the #GoPro Video  the Day! To celebrate I'm gonna giveaway brand new #Hero4Session camera! All have to do is like my page & share this video using #bbxgopro. Winner drawn on the 14th  September. (P.s make sure your post is public so can see your entry).

Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Epic, stoked to see myself & Anton Immler's GoPro clip from our Iceland mission make the #GoPro Video  the Day! To celebrate I'm gonna giveaway brand new #Hero4Session camera! All have to do is like my page & share this video using #bbxgopro. Winner drawn on the 14th  September. (P.s make sure your post is public so can see your entry).

Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
The women have taken charge! #GreenRiverTakeover #charge #youarebeautiful
I would like buy Torrent 10.0. live in the UK, is it possible could send this item to me here? Thanks....
Lattest Dagger Kayaks have arrived Dagger Axiom's Nomads and Mamba's back in stock and going out the door fast.
Throwback Thursday to some Feet Out to the Takeout carnage on the Ocoee! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles
Here is our edit from the Payette river!Astral Werner Paddles Jackson Kayak Dagger Kayaks Wave Sport Sweet Protection Whitewater Whitewater Porn Kayak Session Magazine GoPro
All ready to go Dad.  Adventure Technology Paddles Dagger Kayaks
Here's fun edit shot with Red Bull after recovering from full shoulder reconstruction. Was so good to get back in my boat & fly again! GoPro Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Dagger ambassador Billy Thibault from Quebec Connection getting after it on the Valin!
#splatthefreeworld #quebecconnection
First run with the Dagger Axiom 8.5 down the Valin River
That's first episode  "Gotuj z Czaplą na Freestyle'u" (Freestyle Cooking with Czapla). 

Oto zwiastun dawno zapowiadanego programu kulinarnego pod tytułem "Gotuj z Czaplą na Freestyle'u" 
Aby obejrzeć cały odcinek kliknij na link: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIFms0-QDCU

Paddler Palm
G'power Paddles
Dagger Kayaks
Sony Mobile PL
Palm Equipment
Pretty awesome picture from Evan Garcia. Get vertical!
#splatthefreeworld #axiom
My little brother Nate Garcia and had splatter-fest  epic proportions on the Gallatin last night. Simplicity reached vast levels!

Werner Paddles || Immersion Research || Sweet Protection Whitewater || Substantial Media House || GoPro - #hero4session
Check out what my journey has looked like coming into this huge event. am so stoked to have this opportunity and to have all  share it with me! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles Lole Women Shred Ready Zanti Power Yoga G-Form#outlivingit #ilovekayaking #roadtoworlds
The Takeover is back! Last year, we had 52 women come out to celebrate the life  Shannon Christy, and paddle the Green River together. This year, we're looking to go bigger!

Come join us this Saturday at 8:30 as we takeover the Green River! #womenincharge #youarebeautiful #gragtmansisabunny

Event info here: https://www.facebook.com/events/1610568569191866/
A powerful tableau  community, empowerment, and friendship forged within the male-dominated world  whitewater kayaking.
American Whitewater works hard to secure access for recreational opportunities like this one... it's up to to choose the craft feel best suited for it

#tryamambanexttime #shouldaboofedit #ouchtownpopulationyou

Photo by: Aaron Fleishman
In between training for Worlds, Adriene Levknecht has been getting her downriver freestyle on. #Axiom #SplatEverything #SplatTheFreeWorld
I was asking for names  '80's Dagger whitewater models, now I'm thinking it might be from the '70's. Black and siver, was not sculpted towards the bow, much longer than today's models. Any ideas?  had mine stolen, and need to know the model to advertise for it's recovery.  Thanks for any ideas.
What are some names  models made in the '80's, whiterwater boats? Huge by toda'y's comparison..Black and Silver.
The latest from Tyler W Bradt and the Wizard's Eye crew as they push through Pirate territory in the Northern Indian Ocean. 

>>>>>https://vimeo.com/136668326<<<<<

#PirateWaters #GoPro #IndianOcean #Sailing #Adventure
Tyler Bradt KAVU NRS Goal Zero VOKE TAB Smith Optics Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles
Edward with the new nomad 9 styling Bailey's chute on the Clearwater river! Now heading to Terrace for more whitewater

Edward sur Bailey's chute avec le nouveau nomad 9'

Photo: Billy Thibault

Dagger Kayaks
Sofia Reinoso is hard charging young kayaker from Mexico. Check out her highlight reel, running monster drops and laying treats! ¡Buenas líneas amiga!
Short edit  the past couple  years  my kayaking!! love the sport and want to keep pushing myself as hard as can. Thanks to everyone   has support me!!!
Enjoying the sunny days in Bourg St. Maurice! 
Couldn't  get much better!!! Beautiful place, great friends and good slalom sessions!! 

No podia estar mejor que esto!! 
Buenos amigos, buenas lineas y un increible lugar!! 

Gracias por su apoyo: 
Immersion Research
Dagger Kayaks
NRS
Aventurec
DR.SIMI
Any chance some  the new Nomads might be at the Gore Canyon race to check out?
Sorry to bombard with another iceberg photo but came across this one on my GoPro card & thought it was pretty rad. Paddling around with these beasts is good way to feel pretty small... Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles #gopro
Soaking up magical place on the planet... Godafoss - Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
We are so proud  our friends at First Descents for continuing to offer programs that make cancer fighters and survivors' lives more enriched, so that we can all keep #outlivingit
What is an FDi?
Lion's Bay Slide in Vancouver, BC...site  many kayak hijinks. Check out this video  people having entirely too much fun
http://www.TorchPaddles.com Huge thanks to our friends over at Torch Paddles for bringing TeamSuperTramp to British Columbia to make this video! Check them o...
The iceberg forest, Iceland. Such an epic place... GoPro #gopro Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles #hero4session
Hi Dagger Kayaks! just took delivery  my new Dagger Roam 9.5! I'm in love. However, am disappointed the the foot braces are not as advertized. have watched every video that guys have released. In every video the foot braces were nice and large with padding. much higher quality than what I'm looking at now on my new Roam 9.5. Also, in few  the reviews the higher quality foot braces were mentioned as nice feature  this kayak. have been to your web page, tried calling the # there and it seems this is the best way to communicate with you. So heads up to anyone looking to purchase new Roam 9.5. The foot braces are small and not as nice as the ones see advertized.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M6mSw1M9v8

Super stoked to have hung out with the Devin Super Tramp team and slide around and have good time at Lion's bay slide couple weeks back ! These guys were pulling stunts never thought possible on the infamous slide.

Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles Aquabatics Calgary Kokatat Nikki Rekman Sales West Coast Lifestyle
Check this edit out !
Geoff Calhoun boofing Pummel at Great Falls. Photo by Robert Waldron. #church #nomad #rainbow #whatdoesitmean?
Still dreaming  perfect Icelandic waterfalls... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles
Exploring beautiful Icelandic gorge with the boys from Viking Rafting Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
I just bought Katana 10.4 and am trying to set it up. It came with one page  extremely vague instructions. have looked everywhere to try and find an owners manual that shows me where to put all the foam pads it came with. Help!
Dagger designer Snowy Robertson walks us through what to expect with the new nomad at outdoor retailer in Salt Lake City.

#nomad #thebestgetsbetter
Hey Dagger Kayaks, was wondering if guys are in New Zealand at all?
Large Dagger Kayaks Nomad coming right up! 9' long and 90+ gallons. Spank the monkey in this beast!!
Fun little creek in the north  Iceland with the Viking Rafting Iceland boys. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
A firm favourite for years.   is excited about the new Dagger Kayaks Nomad? We are especially pleased too see it in three sizes.
Giant ice cubes in the mountains got little high for our liking and juiced up our river little too much. Packed up the bird and rigs to go explore the next mountain range... #forthelovetour #akfirstDs 
#strayfromthebeatenpath
#akprovides

Dagger Kayaks // Adventure Technology Paddles // Immersion Research // Smith Optics
My Dagger Halifax has broken rudder. The steel pin that was fixed in the white teflon block has snapped off. Does anyone have solution? believe the part is no longer made. Ranald from Brisbane, Visit Queensland, Australia
Had an epic time exploring Iceland with the boys. Standby for full edit coming from Red Bull soon but for now enjoy this GoPro highlight reel filmed with my #GoPro #Hero4Session.

Dagger Kayaks Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment ilabb Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
 ever said sea kayaking needed to be boring never told us.

We are proud to be bringing the Stratos to the North American market in 2015 The Stratos is performance touring kayak like you've never seen before. #stratos #dropskeg #nextbigthing

Video produced by:
Gareth Tate
Robby Hogg 
Nicholas Urquhart
New for 2016 - the Dagger Kayaks Large Nomad. 9 feet long and over 90 gallons...more details to come soon...
Introducing...the NEW Dagger Kayaks Nomad "the greatest creeker ever made" reborn for 2016. Large  version projected to be available in January 2016. We will be taking early *orders in September as allowed. *Details and pricing TBA.
Den neuen Dagger Kayaks Nomad dann auch bei www.denk-outdoor.de. Anfragen und unverbindliche Vorbestellungen gerne per Mail.
Introducing...the NEW Nomad

The greatest creeker ever made just got better. More speed, more volume, optimized rocker...and three sizes. The Nomad is ready for whatever adventure can dream up, no matter the size.

Video produced by Gareth Tate.

Footage contributions by:
Brendan Wells
Edward Muggridge
Paddlers:
Brendan Wells / Todd W Wells / Corey Boux / Liam Fournier / Gareth Tate / Tyler W Bradt
Tomasz Czaplicki getting down with the sickness in his carbon Jitsu. Tomasz is training for the 2015 ICF Freestyle Worlds in Canada, where he will be strong contender!
This movie shows how was paddling in The International Polish Cup in Freestyle Kayaking during Strawberry Kayak Games and during second stage  Euro Cup i...
Just started going through the GoPro #hero4session from the past few weeks in Iceland. Can't wait to share it with guys, it's rad! Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
"Sick video" by Gareth Tate & Edward Muggridge in the Dagger Kayaks #Axiom #kayak
The rivers in Iceland are so epic that sometimes need to stop & remind yourself to take in the beauty  the landscape... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Secrets secrets are no fun, secrets secrets hurt someone. If are interested in learning more about this picture, check back tomorrow @10. #phantom? #thenextbigthing
Team Dagger made the  katana , and took crossover boats to another level  !   #dagger #katana #whitewater #crossover
We love our Dagger Kayaks Axioms! Come demo one today!
Super stoked to wake up to this rad birthday present from Gareth Tate. Gareth and worked on promotional video for Dagger couple weeks back. This was my first full on film shoot and learned lot from it and had heaps  fun. 

The final Product is rad 2 minute clip about how the Dagger Axiom can change your low water summer game ! 

Give looksy !

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat West Coast Lifestyle Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales Aquabatics Calgary
In the summer, when the rivers get low, have to get creative. The Dagger Axiom is the ultimate mix  river running and freestyle, friendly, stable boat that can also surf, squirt, splat, and play with the best  them. Check out the Axiom as Liam Fournier gets creative in low-water British Columbia.

Video produced by Gareth Tate.

Arial footage:
Edward Muggridge
Liam Fouriner in the Axiom. 
Surf. Splat. Squirt. Play

Photo by Edward Muggridge
About to meet up with the rest  the crew for an epic adventure! #StrayFromTheBeatenPath

Adventure Technology Paddles Dagger Kayaks Immersion Research
More falling time in Iceland today... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotnz ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment OakleyYakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
I am trying to find out if Dagger still makes kayak, think it was called 'Kaos'?
I have been testing out the new dagger prototype the last couple weeks here in whistler and loving it !! learn more this coming tuesday !!!

Dagger Kayaks Kokatat West Coast Lifestyle Aquabatics Calgary Adventure Technology Paddles Nikki Rekman Sales
Loving the new GoPro #Hero4Session! Here's little fun had with it in the far North  NZ just before left. #GoPro Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Red Bull Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles Yakima AU/NZ
Thanks for sponsoring women's paddling events!
Just to clear up any doubt, Iceland is the promised land... GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotnz ilabb Oakley Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
Woke up early this morning to get my first lap on the ASHLU!! One  the best days  kayaking have ever had! Hector and sent 50/50 and it was AMAZING!!! #naturalhigh #ashlu #omg #shredwestcoast Astral Dagger Kayaks VOKE TAB Ultimate Ears
I have had lot  people ask me how get the photos do off my GoPro. put together this video showing Anton Immler & trying to get an image  both  us running drop in Iceland at the same time. For this image had the camera set on time-lapse mode with 0.5 sec interval, Pro tune on, GoPro colour, iso 400 and low sharpening. It's super fun getting these photos, go try it yourself! #GoPro #Hero4Session Red Bull Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
The Upper Yough race yesterday was super fun and competitive! Got 33rd overall, and 3rd in juniors. Thanks to all the volunteers   made this event happen!

Dagger Kayaks / Adventure Technology Paddles / Sweet Protection Whitewater
Iceland continues to deliver, stoke is high! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb
Have paddled sit-on-top in whitewater?

We check out Dagger Kayaks' ROAM—find out why our tester loved this versatile boat.
Another day in waterfall paradise. Ullarfoss, Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
I'm 65 yr old paddler that (in the early 90's) found your Outburst huge improvement over Prijon's T-Bird. Still got the boat, any suggestions on installing backband for an aging lower back ? This design is classic !! :)
Anton Immler & feeling the stoke below another epic Icelandic waterfall! GoPro #GoPro #Hero4Session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Adventure Technology Paddles ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
I just took this great canoe on 5 day trip. 

https://www.facebook.com/BarkerRiverTrips/posts/484804645022021:0
Since 1974, Barker River Trips has been running first class river adventures in Idaho, Washington and Oregon.
Trade Alert!!! 2015
Dagger Kayaks Jitsu 5.9 in excellent shape for $625.00. Call Garfield at 479-451-1837
The best view in Iceland! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks Oakley Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles
The Phantom prototype...or is it? 
#wonderwhatitis #staytuned
Geared up and ready to on group outing! Dagger Kayaks Werner Paddles http://bit.ly/1Ip2JG0
Always fun chasing your bro down perfect Icelandic Waterfalls! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Getting blessed with my buddy Anton Immler at the 'Waterfall  the Gods' today 🙏 GoPro #GoPro #Hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #PeugeotNZ ilabb Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley
This is pretty amazing and testament to Dagger Kayaks durability. Would try this?
After running an awesome waterfall yesterday we kicked off today's adventures by exploring an iceberg forest on the south coast  Iceland. GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull Peugeot #peugeotNZ Palm Equipment Dagger Kayaks ilabb Yakima AU/NZ Adventure Technology Paddles Oakley
Road tripping in Iceland with Anton Immler, good times being had. First drop  the trip in the can! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Road tripping in Iceland with Anton Immler, good times being had. First drop  the trip in the can! GoPro #gopro #hero4session Red Bull ilabb Peugeot #PeugeotNZ Dagger Kayaks Palm Equipment Yakima AU/NZ Oakley Adventure Technology Paddles
Do not buy the roam unless the footpegs have been changed.  Third time paddling and right peg just fell off and the plastic rails feel cheap too.
We are very proud  Team Dagger manager Chris Gragtmans,   recently gave TedTalk on failure. Take listen to how failure has shaped Chris's career, for the better
As professional kayaker it can be easy to hear about successes, but what about failures? Chris's talk centers around why failure is important to grow as ...
Last chance to vote on the Canoe & Kayak Magazine P
There will be Open pool at Meyers Sunday 1-5.  See there? 

pool closed tomorrow ? what the ...... ? and c"mon now- let GRS do the demo boats this year- last year was joke.
Did need some help with that roll?  There are 6 spots available in Sunday's Roll Tune Up Clinic... 

Hi all - newbie boater here. I'm looking for Kayaker near Pueblo that could look at some used gear with me that I'm interested in buying from someone on Craig's List. Mostly wanting to avoid making mistake while buying used. If you're in that area and could help me out, would mind shooting me message?  Thanks!!!
Kayak porn for the dark days  the solstice.
Watch all 6 episodes.
Enjoy

Some one buy my boat paddle and skirt
Only 15 left! Buy your 2016 Colorado Whitewater Calendar today.
I am grateful he survived this!  It may sound silly/weird but have gotten into the habit  asking the river to keep me and my buddies safe and wise. It does seem very helpful... ask me about roll really probably needed to have that should not have worked but did :)
For those interested in paddling Shoshone on New Year's Day - an annual tradition.
Do whitewater kayak, raft, stand-up paddle board, canoe, love being on the river... all  the above? This page is place where can easily connect with other boating enthusiasts to plan river trips, sell gear, and share photos, videos, articles and stories. Many people in this group are members  the club - Colorado Whitewater.
The Golden Games is seeking volunteers to help organize the event.  If interested,  please contact me at troy@thegoldengames.com and we'll go from there.
Does anyone out there have any space to store 13 foot raft? It could fit on top  your 14 footer......... am in desperate need for spot in garage or shed, otherwise our spare bedroom is going to become the raft room! Help me out whitewater peeps!!
Today is Colorado Gives Day, and as think about supporting causes that have meaningful impact, consider giving to American Whitewater's Colorado Program. Our rivers will directly benefit.
Colorado - Black Canyon (near Las Vegas)? Hi, am checking with outfitter (kayaklasvegas dot com) that provides rentals (canoes, sit-on-tops, sea kayaks, cooking gear...) and permits for the Black Canyon and will provide more details when get them But for now checking interest: How about 4 day trip last week or so in December (say from 12/27-12/30 if available)? Relaxing trip with warmer water, hot springs, and caves. Here's some info: (nice photos) blackcanyonwatertrail.org/black-canyon-river-trip/ and http://www.nps.gov/lake/planyourvisit/upload/BlackCanyon_handout.pdf. am thinking too  doing some hiking/exploring in the area. This would be no rush, relaxing trip. Again, am getting more info -- any interest thus far? :)
If volunteered with Colorado Whitewater this year should have received an email yesterday with the details. Hope to see there!
Released November 19, Colorado’s Water Plan marks critical step forward for modern water management. 
 
After sustained two-year campaign effort by conservation organizations and partners, the final plan now has number  goals and actions that prioritize conservation and healthy rivers. For example, the plan:
- Sets the first-ever statewide water conservation savings goal—400,000 acre-feet by 2050—for cities and towns, thus prioritizing water conservation as never before;
- Helps rivers by proposing annual funding for stream management plans to assess, protect, and restore rivers across the state;
- Makes new, costly and controversial large trans-mountain diversions much less likely;
- Sets goal to share at least 50,000 acre-feet  agricultural water using alternative transfer mechanisms instead  buy-and-dry;
- Defines “environmental resiliency” for the first time!

What else is cool?
30,000 Coloradans submitted public comments to the Colorado Water Conservation Board (CWCB) with the majority generated by conservation groups calling for the community’s Essentials: municipal conservation goal, funding for rivers, no large new transmountain diversions, more flexible ag water sharing, and stronger evaluation criteria for proposed projects.

For CW members that submitted comments on the Plan - Thank You!
We all have an opportunity now, to help implement the plan by supporting legislation that funds river conservation, helping the state understand the relationship between flows and world-class paddling, and to make sure the conservation and river-friendly goals and policies in the plan are realized.
The Plan is built around greater public participation, and is only as good as the input we all provide.
The new state water plan final draft is out.
I have next Wed-Fri off. Is there any water flowing more warmly than in this state? Say NM or AZ or ever farther away? It would be great to get out -- and welcome company too :)
Does anyone have any recommendations for some good west slope class III runs (specifically within an hour or two  Durango)?
FS- 

2012 Jackson Villian S Earth
Sweet cheeks 
Great shape used less than 20 times. Pretty much sat in my garage as backup boat. 
$600 obo
Anyone selling or willing to lend/rent durable ducky?
Anyone run or know anything about the Parkdale to Canon City section  the Arkansas? My brother is coming into town and is interested.
*** Good to see this article *** felt the pressure to move up. remember folks asking if wanted to join them on solid big water class 4 runs. said "No" for many reasons, including because didn't have solid roll and had some fears they would know nothing about. They still respected me.The closest came to dying on the river was peer related (but no direct pressure), my thought "because they are doing it, can too."  It is hard sometimes to stay heart-centered in the presence  peers. But it's so important. ate dinner with two paddlers once. One was telling me how his peers brought him down the Ocoee River (class 3/4) early in his newbie year. The next heard he died paddling in Nepal. The other paddler had scary flip and swim in the class 3/4 Dryway-Deerfield and never that know  returned to that river. She was smart thought and strong. will be forever class 3/4 or lower - but have lots  fun; in playboat now that has me feeling like newbie. There’s no greater joy than being with good buddies and having fun, safe run, playing the river,surfing ‘til tire.
Tomorrow night is our Fall Dinner / Annual Meeting / Board  Directors Election. We have great presentation by Landis Arnold on what it was like to be paddler back in the days before every third Subaru had 'yak on it, Some coolio raffle prizes including Ski tickets to Loveland, Throw Bags from Down River Equipment, an awesome Rab jacket (or two), and Yeti soft side cooler donated by Stevenson Toyota. We're also having an Adult Beverage Pot Luck! Bring your own favorite adult beverages and please be sure to drink responsibly. Uber if need to! Register for the dinner ASAP here: 
Lovin the new calendar! It's like guys knew my birthday is April 1st... Thanks!
Hi Folks, am look for at least 1 more person to join me in putting together customized Mexico Whitewater paddling trip for the week  Nov.28-Dec.4. The trip will be run by Tom Burrows  WARM WHITEWATER (also this year's ACA Instructor  the Year) . The basic rate is 995.00 per person which includes all transportation in Mexico and if want to ride down with us from San Marcos, TX instead  flying in, that transportation as well. Lodging, food and fees (access fees, shuttle drivers etc...). Usage  kayaks and other gear as needed if fly in.
We would leave the US on Saturday morning (1am) and have 5 days  actual paddling. We then would return the following Friday. 
You will need your passport and it needs to be valid for six months after our return date. Your only additional cost would be your transportation to Texas, or Tampico, MX.

I am personally driving from Denver, so if want to roll with me can bring all  your own gear.
Any favorite spots this time  year, or within the next few weeks? My brother might be coming in from Pittsburgh and wants to paddle bit. According to AW, our choices are pretty much the Colorado or the Green.
A couple  us are going to do Shoshone laps this sat. Meeting at grizzly creek at 10am. Feel free to join!
Anyone know  good car camping spots near Shoshone?
Planning Brown's Canyon ELF run on Saturday if anyone would like to join. Tentatively meeting at Stone Bridge takeout at 11:00 for shuttle to Ruby Mountain put in.
Good reminders in here

Hi Folks, am look for at least 3 people to join me in putting together customized Mexico Whitewater paddling trip for the week  Nov.28-Dec.4. The trip will be run by Tom Burrows  WARM WHITEWATER (also this year's ACA Instructor  the Year) . The basic rate is 995.00 per person which includes all transportation in Mexico and if want to ride down with us from San Marcos instead  flying in, that transportation as well. Lodging, food and fees (access fees, shuttle drivers etc...). Usage  kayaks and other gear as needed if fly in.
We would leave the US on Saturday morning (1am) and have 5 days  actual paddling. We then would return the following Friday. 
You will need your passport and it needs to be valid for six months after our return date. Your only additional cost would be your transportation to Texas, or Tampico, MX.
Gore Saturday or Sunday anyone?
Hi all, this is really big deal. Please take moment to catch up, and send quick note to our policy makers. Your opinion matters!
Off-topic somewhat -- thinking  going to New Zealand this December -- thinking  doing this river trip (http://www.uniquewhanganuiriver.co.nz/) and Bay  Islands sea kayaking, other fun... Any interest?
Does anyone have photo  kayakers drinking beer at the take-out? Would like to use it in the CW 2016 Calendar.
Hi all! am heading to Ecuador this New Year's on trip with Small World Adventures. The trip I'm going on is called "Intro to Creeking IV-" (http://www.smallworldadventures.com/trips/#tripsic). I've got 2 people joining me so far, and if could convince 2 more, we could all get $100 off! :) It's going to be an awesome trip. Message me if want more info!
Ark - Royal Gorge - Narrows FYI
Foxton today!!?? Meeting at 3pm at the "T". Ryan Ness and Jeremiah Krayna are in, anyone else interested?
Totally unofficial, just for fun Waterton Race.
I can't get enough time off to do Bailey run but anybody up for class 2 section  Foxton above the boulder garden (putin at Buffalo Creek) after work today? Meeting at the Fort at 4 for beginner-ish run.
Can anyone guess as to whether there will be Lower Blue release next weekend? (I couldn't paddle this weekend). Thx! :)
...Posting this for paddling buddy...
For sale: Shred Ready Vixen (L) for sale
New condition with bag. No scratches dings or anything else $60.
Helmet is in Aurora, but could meet somewhere in between,
or could swing by and pick it up. 
Thanks for looking! 
Gene
more CW fun with the ladies Betties on the Blue cruise 9/19/15
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153257320723931.1073741986.590758930&type=1&l=40abea778f
Golden River Sports sale this weekend. This is copy and paste from an email received from them:
"Join Golden River Sports Sept 18-20 for our annual Fall Swap and Sale! This is great way to purchase everything need whether are shopping for NEW or USED! 

If have gear to sell, please bring to the shop by Thu, Sept 17th. get 100% store credit for what sell or 80% cash!   Get yourself some $$$!  Kayaks, duckies, SUP, rafts, fly fishing gear...you know have tons  extra gear don't need anymore - but someone else might.  And if are new - now's the time to shop. 
 
As always, we will have BBQ and refreshments so bring your lawn chair and your friends.  Plus will find lots  sale items throughout our entire inventory
  
Yup!  Golden River Sports will have plenty  demo and discontinued kayaks, SUP's and duckies on sale!  Up to 50% off!  

We've got demo SUP boards from Hala Gear and NRS that we are selling at ridiculous prices!  

We have duckies both single and double that must go.  

And we have lots  discontinued Wave Sport boats, both new and used, that we need to clear out!  "
I truly believe this! And know it is fruitful to ask the rivers to keep me and those on the river safe and wise.  And once asked river to help remove raft that was stuck between rocks... and -- it did release the raft.. And it was amazing because the raft should not have released so easily... was truly awed. Love the rivers, thank them for keeping safe, keep them clean.... they listen!
Paddlers, only 2 days left to submit your comments on the Colorado Water Plan. Recreation needs your support!
From American Rivers... in case are interested. Thank you!
Thanks for great weekend  boating everyone! had blast! :)
It was great meeting everyone on the Colorado River weekend!  We were sad to leave early...though admit my bed felt extra comfy...anyway, hopefully we'll see all again soon!
a couple  pics from this weekend and team All the Way May!
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153244719293931.1073741984.590758930&type=1&l=3c3e323665
Great time this weekend and great to meet all!
Downriver Rafting Equipment in Wheat Ridge is having their fall sale this weekend: 
Is anyone passing by the Dino lots Sunday after Colorado River weekend   wouldn't mind dropping me off there?
Is anyone gonna be play boating this weekend?
Is anyone selling child/youth PFDs? I'm ready to buy two  them tonight!
So Labor Day Weekend came and went... Next is COLORADO RIVER WEEKEND! No need to sign up or register - can just show up.  We do need people to lead cruises, so if you're game, please email eausten@live.com to say so, and include Colorado River Weekend in the subject line. (Thanks!)  know some folks will camp out Friday night, We'll meet Saturday and Sunday mornings at 9:30 to divvy into groups.  There will be an awesome Pot Luck dinner Saturday evening.  Bring something delish that everyone will talk about!  Details are on the website here:  
I'm new to the group and understand there's some boatin' happening this weekend on the Colorado. Can someone hook me up with info on how to meet up with the group?
If anyone would like to try out Dagger Mamba or LL Flying Squirrel at the Colorado River Weekend let me know!
All blue Pyranha Inazone 220 for sale (more classic boat from 1999)  $150
Reason: really met to get the Inazone 212; the 220 is bit big for 5' me.

Length    220 cms / 7'2.6"
Width    63 cms / 24.8"
Weight    15.5 kg / 34 lbs
Volume    170 ltr / 44.9 gal
Cockpit Length    80 cms / 31.5"
Cockpit Width    39 cms / 15.4"
Minimum Paddler Weight    50 kg / 110 lbs
Maximum Paddler Weight    80 kg / 176 lbs 

It is fast for its length and attains well. Specs say 110 lbs min. but think if weigh less than that and are 5 '2" or more it would work for good river runner/playboat.  Just my thoughts after using the boat for 3 days.

More reviews here: 
Anyone ever hear about the class V kayaker that forgot their skirt at the put in?
They say he was OK
Does anyone know why S Platte-Deckers is in the 500s for over week now? infer there is some dam release to have it at this level... ??? And if it is dam release, is there number to call to see how long it will be happening?  Thank you! :)
Some Newbies are planning Brown's Canyon run on Saturday if other CW's want to join. 10:00 at Stone Bridge.
Adding new boards all the time!  Just updated!
If have Necky Jive 8'4" and are looking to sell it, may be interested, especially if it has Dagger or Perception thighbraces. Thank you!
Got Cool Picture for Next Year's Calendar? Submit your very own, awesome pictures to possibly be included in the 2016 CW Calendar no later than Sept. 15. Submission details: 
Representing Colorado Whitewater on the Arkansas River in Salida, CO this weekend.
FYI... Thank Randy and the Rangers for your time and hard efforts to make our rivers safer
Anyone up for run on the lower Ark on .Saturday or Sunday?  Would consider anything below Cotopaxi.
I can't do Scott's Ark cruise Saturday but would like to boat Ark on Friday. Anyone in the area Friday that wants to go?
Anyone going to the Swiftwater Rescue course this weekend and want to carpool from Boulder or Golden? can either go out there late Friday night or early Saturday.
I'm leading cruise on the Arkansas River next Saturday, August 22. Depending on water levels and our group's interest, it will either be on Parkdale, Brown's Canyon or Fractions. Click the link below for more info about it and to email me. I'm probably also in need  some sweeps if you'd like to help out. If we run Browns or Fractions, I'll likely make it weekend trip and run something on Sunday, too although it won't be an "official" CW event.

My sunglasses are missing from Scott Winkleman's house...let me know if there have been any sightings!  Thanks!
Unfortunately may be taking long hiatus from the paddling life:(.
Anyone want to join me on Numbers this Sunday around 11am?
Here's another video  the Deckers party on Saturday. Chutes are at 2:30.
Jodi Lee thanks for arranging an awesome day on the river! So great to see everyone! Look forward to the next trip. :)
pictures from our Deckers crew
I have someone's blue chair they left at the Waterton put-in. Let me know if it's yours.
Does anyone going on the Deckers cruise have an extra PFD they wouldn't mind letting me borrow?
It's gonna to be party tomorrow on the South Platte River! We have about 30 people doing the Deckers cruise - several duckies, several kids, many newbies coming. Email me (jodilee23@gmail.com) if you're interested in coming along. David Holzman is leading the Waterton cruise (meeting an hour later). Contact him if you'd like to do that run. THEN... we're having big BBQ afterwards around 3pm at the Waterton put-in. Make sure to bring chair and something to grill and/or share with everyone.
I'm leading Deckers cruise next Saturday, August 8. It will be large group so we'll split into two groups. We'll have BBQ afterwards at the take-out (aka Waterton put-in). It would be great to have someone organize Waterton cruise or Foxton cruise the same day and then we can all meet up for the BBQ. 

Any takers on leading Waterton or Foxton cruise?

Click here if you're interested in the Deckers cruise: 
http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-194339
I am still looking for some company on the Upper C on Saturday.  Any takers?  Going once.....
Anyone going to be in the Arkansas Valley that wants to do run late Friday afternoon? I'm working most  the day but free 4-ish.
Meet Marty Gill, Debbie Grooman, and maybe others, tomorrow, 4:00 at BTO. Thinking Lower Mish through BTO if time before dark. Otherwise just Poudre Park or Pineview through BTO.
if anyone is interested in joining us for afternoon paddle tomorrow we will be at golden for 3 p.m. if you're around come on out!
For Sale: Medium Jackson Karma $700 (or trade for river surfing SUP)
it even comes with Colorado Whitewater sticker :D
Full moon float on the Rio Grande on Friday, July 31st, then full-day cruise on Saturday, Aug 1st. Join us?  

There's lots  scenic, free camping, Pagosa Hot Springs is an hour away and it's beautiful area to explore.

Here's the link to the description  Friday's Full Moon Float: http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-1982633

Here's the link to Saturday's Wagon Wheel Gap Cruise: 
http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/event-1982630

Email Elaine from the description page to let her know you're coming....
Hey guys! I'm trying to sell or trade 2015 sm jackson Karma for dagger mamba 7.6. $750, in durango. Pm for more! (Rachel is my real world name;)
More Zoom Flume on Sat. First person through the first group that ran Browns
Some friends  mine rescued purple kayak above the chutes at Decker on Sunday. If think this is yours, please PM me.
Here's some clips  us on the Fractions run on Sunday. It was great weekend, thanks everyone! Those  in the group, House Rock footage is at 5:00. Watch in HD if you're on your 'puter.
Heres another video  our fractions run.
Thanks for all the warm friendly welcomes. We (the Durango girls) will be back over and over again!!
It was great day paddling with all. lot  cleanup after House Rock but lot  fun.
Newspaper article about Women in Charge - The Arkansas River Takeover during Paddlefest. All our CW Boating Betties need to join it next year! :D
Fun in the Zoom Flume Sat. All  us Durango girls had blast this weekend! We can't wait to hang with ya'll again :)
Anyone up for class II-III run on Fri on the Ark? Bunny
Have prior commitments Friday and Saturday but hoping to run numbers on Sunday. What say ark weekenders?
Would be up for numbers, granite/numbers, or numbers/fractions.
Is anyone planning on making Arkansas weekend four day?
The Fun Downriver Race will be THIS WEDNESDAY for the final evening  the Golden Community Rodeo Series, sponsored by Golden River Sports.
This event is for all abilities and types  boats. So bring your kayak, canoe, SUP, inflatable kayak, or mini me raft and have fun racing through the play park while performing tasks/obstacles along the way. Participants will be grouped to compete in appropriate categories based on their boat type, gender, and/or skill level. Awesome prizes will be awarded to the top finishers. Plus, one-week SierraRios kayak or raft trip to Mexico, Peru or elsewhere will be given away. And don't miss the after party at restaurant in downtown Golden.
* Free to all CW members (not member yet, then join at the event)
* Clear Creek Play Park in Golden, CO
* Registration 5-5:30pm; Competition starts approx. 5:45pm
* More details: http://www.coloradowhitewater.org/racing-competition
We'd love to see TONS  boaters and spectators at the last event  the GCRS, so please share this post!
Just suggestion -Post events to the events tab here to help grow them, provide info etc.
The water level is finally good for the Golden Rodeo to start. The first event is THIS Wednesday, so come down and compete or show your support.
Anyone have small portable gas powered generator we can borrow for the golden rodeo on Wednesday? We just need to power small P.A. system.
 's up for some Glenwood Springs action this weekend? Saturday, July 11th Dick Alweis is leading Cemetery Run on the Roaring Fork. Great river, great fun. Then Saturday we'll run Grizzly Creek on the Colorado. In between there's soaking in the hot springs pool, nice restaurants ... need say more?
Hey Colorado Friends,
You're Invited! Join us and Grand County to celebrate the completion  the Gore Canyon Whitewater Park on Monday, July 13, 2015.
You all helped Grand County secure recreational water rights for future generations  whitewater paddlers and build fun wave at Pumphouse. Now it's finished and time for party!
11:00 AM Paddling Exhibition hosted by American Whitewater
11:30 AM Ribbon Cutting, Recognition...Big Group Picture!
12:00 PM Picnic lunch hosted by Grand County, BYO Camp Chair. 
(RSVP by July 6 to carolinebradford@wildblue.net so know how many folks to tell the caterer to expect.)
Contact Nathan Fey for details about the paddling exhibition. Everybody is encouraged to join us!
Photo: Signorini via Mountainbuzz.com
CW on Mad Dog
Anyone paddling the Ark 4th  July weekend. and two others would like to step up our Arkansas game but would rather be with more experienced paddlers. Depending on what water levels do I'm thinking about Fractions or possibly lower Brown's. I've only done Big Bend to Salida East and want to move up but am open to suggestions as to what that looks like.  Thanks.
The Rodeo is back on! Come one, come all. Clear Creek is down to 1230cfs and looks like it will be an excellent level for the rodeo. The new dates will be July 1, 8, & 15. This competition will be sponsored by Confluence Kayaks Confluence Kayaks > Home. The AF
Time for new project.  Thanks Andrew Pettyjohn for the project boat.
Meeting at bulls tomorrow.  11:00.
i"m going to go to West Virginia leave early thursday back late sunday. anybody coming from the north  me want to split gas?
Fife. Thursday 1/7/2015. 1:30 @ Gap Takeout. Assuming there's water.  's in?
Time for new project.  Thanks Andrew Pettyjohn for the project boat.
American Whitewater Fatal Accident Summary 
July-December 2015

This has been quiet year for whitewater accidents, and the last 6 months have been especially so. From July to December 2015 there were only 3 Kayak, 1 Canoe, and  6 rafting deaths reported to American Whitewater. That count included 3 heart attacks, which are not, strictly speaking, river related. The yearly total, 34, was one  the lowest reported since 1993. This was probably due to unusually low water in the West and normal flows in the East. swims. was relieved that the December high water in the Southeast passed without any casualties. Here's summary. Please let me know if I've missed any fatalities. 

Date/State/Victim/Boat/River/Section/Dif/Cause

2015-12-18/TN/Eric Bush/Kayak/Nolichucky River /Poplar N.C. to Noli Gorge CG/IV/Long Swim

2015-12-02/Ecuador/Taylor Hunt/Kayak/Sardinas Grandes River//V/Long Swim

2015-11-05/India/Beth Hume/Kayak/Umngi river//V/Undercut Rock

2015-09-05/NY/Jordyn Engler/Tube/Esopus Creek /Allaben Portal to Phoenicia /III/Strainer

2015-08-15/OR/Brayden Biggs/Raft/North Fork Rogue /Takilma Gorge /IV/Long Swim

2015-08-02/MT/Shane Dearden/Raft/Clark Fork /Alberton Put In to Fish Creek /III/Long Swim

2015-07-26/PA/Tim Meyers/Raft/Youghiogheny / Lower /II/Heart Attack

2015-07-21/WA/Jeffrey Standish/C-Raft/White Salmon /BZ Corner to Buck Creek /III/Heart Attack

2015-07-10/NJ/Doris Rake, Kathryn Haney/Kayak/Delaware River/Bulls Island near Stockton, NJ /I/No PFD's

2015-07-03/CO/Daniel Cheong/C-Raft/Clear Creek /Rigor Mortis to Golden /IV/Long Swim

2015-07-02/TN/Ken Worthington/Canoe/Mid Prong Lit Pigeon, (Greenbrier) / Porter's Cr. Conf to Hwy 73 /IV/Heart Attack
Anyone interested in Millers tomorrow before it falls below 3 ft. Its dropping slowly but its dropping.
Winni NYD, watch in 1080HD  course!


Highlights from the past several years before get shoulder surgery in few days.  


I just put three boats up for sale over in New England Gear Swap: Wavesport EZ, Pyranah 232 Inazone, and Perception AMP, each for $235. Good beginner/river running/beater boats. All kept at the MIT Outing Club boathouse in Cambridge. Yay boats!
Does anyone have any recommendations on good maps to download for GPS for whitewater and hiking in the NE?
i'm looking for solid reviews  Burn vs 9R vs Shiva.  i'm  moving back to the PNW in the spring and will be on bigger water (by comparison to the NE), thinking my salto might have to retire into someone else's hands.  has anyone paddled these 3 designs?  boater talk used to be lot easier in its display  boat reviews. thanks!
Does ayone have Dagger G Force 6.1 tucked away they want to sell to me? Pretty please?! :)
Happy New Year river / boat junkies.   wants to get out Sat or Sun? Lower Ash or T' ville?
Meeting for New Year's Day paddle at tville. Meet at 11:30am at the put in at the ball field. Come ring in the new year with some white water and smiles
Does anyone know what the boaters gauge at bulls is at?
Ash tomorrow?   's in???
Watch speed traps all over 93 N
Hi All
So what are we boating for New Years day.
Jo-ann Durdock and group
Calling Critter Thursday morning.  Millers looks good.
Anybody running bulls tomorrow and looking for company?
Gives true meaning to "up creek without paddle" ..sounds like even if he had paddle he could have been caught "
Rockaway river in NJ...playboatable?  

Also.  What is the possibility it will be running this time  year (like, within the next couple  weeks)

Also also.  I'll be in NJ sometime between Christmas and New Years.  Anyone down there   would want to show me down/do PFD with me if it pops?

I'll have beer.
Putting out feeler for the Natchaug tomorrow if it holds. Any bites?
2009 TOYOTA TACOMA TRD 4X4 OFF ROAD WITH INTERIOR LIGHTED CAP FOR SALE..LOADED WITH EVERY OPTION AVAILABLE INCL SUBWOOFER AND 6 CD CHANGER; 76000 MILES, SILVER EXC. CNDTN  22,900  STEVE 312-3895 OR SBROWN@BROWNLAWNH.COM
I would like to paddle Saturday morning.  need to stay somewhat local.  Probably tville or maybe bulls.    wants to paddle?
moving and looking to sell few boats and such!   Interested?  see below...
New Years' Day? Fife flowing nonstop now thru 12/30 - see how it updates mid-week. Other ideas? I'm class II kinda guy unless someone needs rubbery co-pilot.
Looks like beaver has been busy on the Shepaug.  About 1/2 mile south on Romford rd. from 202. Should  call Steep Rock for permission to clear or ask them to clear it out?
New Year's Day paddle on the Winni in Franklin, NH with free beer and raffle at Outdoor New England :)
Does anyone have broken play boat that they can part with for free?  Preferably local to Connecticut.  want to make riverboard.  Thanks.
Funnel is fun even at lower levels.
Any tips on using g flex?  So far have been dissapointed with the results.
 se free Monday? Bulls if it stays up around 3 ft or tville
*drops the 2015 highlight reel* Can't wait to see where I'll paddle in 2016.
I am free to paddle finally. any interest in the lower millers at noon tomorrow. rest area take out.
Anyone boating tomorrow if rain is promising?
Merry Christmas Whitewater friends.
 's getting out tomorrow and/or Sunday before the weather turns?
Mark & are looking to do the Lower Ash tomorrow -  's in ????
anyone going to TVille Saturday?
Has anyone paddled the creeks in the Esopus watershed (Stony Clove, Beaverkill, Woodland Valley, Bushkill, etc) anytime recently?  I'm wondering if there's wood in any  them.  Thanks
Dead Branch running low, fluid, at 10AM, suspect rising slowly
Hey all, would love to get my husband GoPro for Christmas.  Research says the GoPro Sessions are the way  the future.  Anyone have any advice/experience with these?  Thx!
Are any  further west? Fish Creek in the southern Adirondacks is running and it's way more fun than the Deerfield.  Any takers for Christmas day?
Christmas morning Fife run

come on.....you know want to!

meet at the parking area below the gap at 10 am tomorrow

  is in?
Bulls Bridge was 1 1/2+ today when paddled with Dan and Tom.  Rain in the forecast and they are several weeks away from finishing their work on the powerplant, so all that water is for whitewater.....
Wow it is looking warm and rainy this week.

Anyone interested in paddling Fife or the North river in Colrain, MA perhaps on Thursday?
Heading to Knightville take out for 11:00 if anyone wants to join in!!!
Might be getting out tomorrow somewhere in the western MA/Southern VT area tomorrow...Keeping an eye on the gauges for now. Boat is on the car.
Factory C-1 Fit...Certainly shows promise.
I'm going to run from Chester into Huntington on the WBW early this morning or if anyone is interested would do knightville run.
I have wavesport super ez and new only used twice liquid logic cr 250 for sale if anyone is interested.
another FERC thing: Bull's Bridge put in
An additional parking area.---They made new one and took away the old one.
A raft slide to the put-in location.---- never done
A raft stairway to the put-in location.---- Pretty cheesy stairway construction
Upgrading  and additional signage along hiking
and portage trails. 
This from the license: available here: 
 se around the next two days to go creek in if anything pops?
We have four going Lower Millers at noon.
Is anyone involved with  FERC and power companies working on generating power on the West River here in Vermont?  This is the chance to get some real summer time recreational releases.
Anyone creeking in Burlington area this holiday?
Going to be in southern NH for xmas.  Should bring boat?
Anyone in Boston tonight, playing with my jazz trio from 8pm-12am tonight at www.beehiveboston.com .  Come escape shopping hell!
Anyone wanna paddle the catskills this week?
I'm heading down to southeastern PA for family stuff this week through Sunday --- should bring my boat? Anything running? playpark between here and there?
https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10153891211391383
Party at the Winnie! Most  today.
An invigorating run down Bull's.   Two brisk combat rolls(you don't want to stay under too long) Thanks Jim and Sam.
anyone paddling Sunday?
Meeting at t'ville Saturday morning at 11am at the put in. Several  us will be there.... Will be there too???
Happy Paddling!!!
Does anybody know if bulls will be running tomorrow?
Liquid precipitation... Yeah!!! Hopefully the rivers will come up for the weekend!
Large group attempting to organize at 10am at Muster point B tomorrow (Aka bulls bridge take out) expect stairway to be stout and the surfing to be great.
Anyone around today or tomorrow to boat?  South baker, upper pemi will be low but runnable, possibly wells in vt, doanes falls is in, Sandy stream and smalls falls in Maine are in.
  off friday? it won't be warm, and the weather will suck
Piranha Ammo, large. Good condition with all original outfitting. Will meet around Sussex Co nj or Raymondskill/Hornbecks area. Asking $250.
I am selling bunch   GREAT things, and need the $$ for moving:
1) New Wave Vulcan squirt.  Good shape, cut for 150-155 pounder, up to size 10.  If you're 130 pounds it will still be great boat for you.  $300
2) Murky Water Asylum squirt.  New.  cut for 150-165, up to size 10s, maybe 10.5's.  $950
3) L'eau Vive sprayskirt.  New.  Bungee with lapstrap for safety.  Larger cockpit (i.e. EZ) but small/XS tube.  Great for kids or beginners. $40
4) Rage-in-Wear skirt, Size small tube.  Skirtworks doctored it up and put new bungee on it.  Basically fits "older" designs.  Aramid.  $25
5) Werner Desperado Paddle.  Used couple  times, still has the $179 price tag on it.  194, RHC.  $100
6) Classic (vintage?) Shred Ready helmet, size S/M.  Used maybe 3 times, no scratches.  $40
7) Excel wetsuit, Superlite 3.2.  Size Med/Med Tall.  Great for someone around 5"9' to 6 feet tall, around 155/165.  Used handful  times, in awesome shape.  $110
8) Excel spring shorty suit.  Used few times, great shape.  size med.  $60
9) Astral Camino PFD.  Size m/l.  Barely used few times.  $50
10)  NRS long neoprene pants.  think 3mm.  Good shape, size XL.  $60
11) Rip Curl booties.  Lobster style, with durable but flexible rubbery sole.  Great for play boats and squirts.  Brand new, size 9.  I'd keep them but too small on my feet.  $15.
12) Patagonia Ice Climbing pants.  Highest end.  Used one time.  Size 30.  $200
13) Patagonia Windproof Fleece Jacket.  It has the breathable stretch material along the outer armpit and sides for breathing and stretchiness.  "Vintage," in awesome shape.  Size large = too big on me.  $160
14) NRS farmer john wetsuit bottoms, think 3mm. Size small, great shape  $40
15) BZ bodyboard, new in plastic, 42.  Includes new coil leash (not attached).  $85
I will add more as organize my stuff.  Prices may or may not be negotiable, just go ahead and send me private question about it rather than asking on this post.  THANK YOU!
here's some....cracked me up


How cool is it to have paddler for PM?  Canadian rivers were being destroyed by the 1000s ..98%  water protections stripped and GONE with the prior admin ...all  that protection is coming back now with Justin the new PM ..hopefully not too late!
Selling my kokatat large drysuit. It's in really good shape (especially since the neck seal was just replaced). Boston or NYC
anyone selling dagger mamba 8.1, or something similar ?
The Grand Vanyon is alive.. Coming to river soon near you
Anyone want to go to t-ville tomorrow. It will be warm and it would be good to get out.
bottom moose sunday? will have an ok flow and be really warm
Perception Corsica matrix for sale.  No gouges or oil canning.  Garage stored.  $200.  Would like to trade for boat with higher weight range.  Rpm max, large fluid flirt, super ez, wavesport y, etc.
Winnie Sunday:  People are tentatively aiming for 11 AM, but no one has committed yet.  Anyone interested?  It's been holding at 700 cfs for the last few days.
Chuck says "come join me at YMCA North Adams pool Sunday Noon-2p"
It's 54f outside, 84f in the pool...    knows, if it runs high enough could practice your off-side roll and put it to the test on your way home... all without getting chilly :)
Saturday is looking like perfect day to go kayaking. Sunny and almost 60. The winni is currently at about 700 hundred.   wants to come out and play? am thinking 10 a.m. at the put in
Bull's today. rocking steady at 1ft
This is the drone we need... Now all y'all can rest easy when have your drone floating over water!
Does anybody know where the white water is at? want to get my new boat wet!!
2012 Dagger Mamba 8.6 (creek outfitting) for sale:
Used less than year. It has the usual scratches. No major dings, oil-canning, or cracks. Dirt on bottom  hull in photos is just dirt. Extra outfitting foam included. $525. Shoot me message if you'd like to see it in person.
Help new dad afford diapers. In Kennebunk and travel to NY ADK's often.

Fluid Element medium- $375 
A super fun boat that rips ocean waves and river play. Good condition.
Bull's at 1 foot, fine for me.  Thanks Sam, it was an invigorating early morning run today.  Hope the water holds (I actually made it over the Flume upright!!!)
Someone left paddle at the Bulls Bridge takeout.  think it was the NY crew that was here in van.  have it at my house near by.
I came here to find out where the whitewater was at, but still haven't found any.  This has been quite spell
I hear that this section has been run  spruce brook in litchfield county. Very easy shuttle and legal access points drops 300-400ft rather consistently before reaching the Naugatuck. Needless to say AW needs some serious updates for CT and MA.
great for fitting in play boats.  never worn
Come join us!!!
I have tear in my wrist gasket on my dry suit. Was hoping to have new gaskets today but they are no show. 
Question. 
Can get away with taping the gasket around my wrist for day. Or can get away with my Farmer John and my good dry top? 
Sunday's weather looking too good to pass up.
Vulcan for sale.  In really good shape despite what may think by looking at the pictures.  $300.
So  Paddling Saturday.  Ash is rising(hope it gets to 5 feet) Tville up.  And  course Bull's is up---anyone know the level on the boater's guage. WHere to go--some good choices.
Boats and board located in Southern Maine....but travel to NY (North  Albany) frequently.

Fluid Element medium $375 – Good condition. Usual scratches. With fin boxes. Surf machine.

Liquid Logic Lil Joe $250 – River runner. Good condition. Usual scratches.

Pioneer fun shape 8’ surf board $100 – patched few places but good overall condition. Needs middle fin.
Tville Sunday.
Meeting at ball field, noon. 

So far 3 but the more the merrier.
Want brand new boat for $450? Winston and will be down in NC picking boats up this November and bringing them back to CT! Buy us gas and beer and we'll be happy to save the freight charge.
Is there anyone in this group   is TSA verified Freight Forwarder in the Boston area? I'm buying two kayaks from buddy and Delta can ship them from Logan to Portland (where am) for $89 each, but the shipper needs to be verified freight forwarder. Any help is appreciated!
Well...this looks....something...hahaha
Time to sell the  2003 4Runner! PM me if interested.
$5000
$1200 under book.
New breaks all around (rotors up front), new rear latch motor, new power steering pump, new belt and pulley, 184k miles, runs perfect, V8, yakima rack with stacker, just had the oil changed and it was inspected in August.
Hey my buddy and are trying to R2 the Missisquoi, Vermont
Sheldon Spring Rapids. We have never done it but we are both experienced paddlers. Just looking for some safety/ friends to come along. Let me know. 7814247719 Cheers.
Only three more UMOC pool sessions for this year. Tues this week and Tues and Thurs next week. Slalom racing on Tues. Thanks to lots  play in the pool my roll is pretty darn solid again. :)
Beerkills flowing.... Hit me up if want to paddle. Should be nice introductory flow..
takeout
NBYMCA Pool (kayak rolling practice) Time Starts Sunday December 6th, North Adams Y 12-2pm
I love my work at Safe Passage (domestic violence intervention and prevention agency) on par with how much love kayaking. Our annual  Hot Chocolate Run Fundraiser is coming up next Sunday. I'm still at only 28%  the goal set for myself this year, So, if can, please make donation through my personal fundraising page. Even small amounts add up if enough  can contribute. And, great big thank to those   have already given!!


The US House  Representatives is voting on legislation this week to enable the hydropower industry to more readily de-water the rivers that have hydropower dams.  The legislation enables them to easily over-ride the established laws requiring minimum flows and recreational releases. This has implications even for rivers with which we have established past releases such as the Deerfield River.  It won't necessarily affect the present contract that the gov't has with the power company, but that contract with FERC is currently up for re-negotiation and future releases could be imperiled.

The AWA is asking members to send quick email request to their local US Representative in Congress to vote down the hydropower provisions.  filled out the link in the copy and pasted article below and it took just 1 1/2 minutes to send an email out to my Representative (Richie Neal in my case).  just plugged in your ZIP Code and pre-written email posted to him popped out.
Click the link below to send your email. It really is easy!


Wish list for Thursday... Dead branch!!
Hey whitewater community! Back last winter came here first to get advice on quitting corporate life and doing this kinda stuff as job. While got some good old fashioned sarcastic answers from people here also got some great insight on how to start down the path I'm on now. So thank to everyone   has paddled with me and helped me, owe lot    am today to whitewater kayaking and this group. 

I'm living up on the Penobscot now so if anyone wants to plan trip, always have an open door and at least couch for paddler. So start planning for next summer, the water is always on up here!

I just got an article into Dirtbag Paddlers on my journey and advice have for anyone crazy enough to want to follow.

Weak ass rain storm. Any ideas for tomorrow? The falls which must not be named?
Whitewater park is still moving forward. Looking forward to hear the latest updates.
I'd like to do this, plus hit the Kenai and 6-Mile for an awesome variety  swift, ocean, class II/III kayaking and class V rafting... Having lived there 5 years recently, I'm happy to make our arrangements and act as guide - let me know if anyone is interested - summer 2016 - Alaska, like African destinations, need not be as expensive as the cruise/safari companies lead to believe.

https://www.facebook.com/islandtrails/photos/a.107944073475.95908.43228873475/10153732532528476/?type=3
There is something special boating does to one on cold day.  There is feeling  joy, accomplishment, and appreciation  the crisp cold stark beauty around you.  Grateful to have gotten on the water today.
Moose River Old Forge, NY
Gauley fest 2015 double stack...we made that festival more fun..lol
Tville at noon. Play at the hole and few runs to the bottom
Anyone paddling anything tomorrow? Bulls?
Sooo-   's paddling what on Sunday????
Gauley fest 2015 https://www.facebook.com/christopher.corrar/posts/10208090608365746
Any new info on the rumored Black Friday Fife release?
Bulls. Tomorrow. Crack o noon. Be there. Or don't.
This is how try to get the point out we need more whitewater parked it there all day lol
I would say the First Black Friday paddle on the Deerfield was success. Let's make this an annual tradition. The weather was gorgeous and the Gap was spunky. We had group  11 paddlers and another group put on before our group. Six  our group had dinner and drinks at Berkshire Pizza. Met two new paddlers. Thank Trans-Canada; Bob Nasdor and Brad Walker. Sorry couldn't make it Brad.  Thank Don Williams for the bottle  hard cider to take home.
Okay so just received my first dry suit in the mail got question what's the easiest and best way to stretch out that neck gasket its pretty tight?
I don't care if it's drippy or cold... anyone have any class II ideas for Saturday? Fife not releasing until 3p.
The search for whitewater is over...
November, Tville @ 1.8
Fife run tomorrow!!  's coming with?💛🌊🌊🌊💛
Anybody for an early Bulls Bridge on thanksgiving. Level is holding was still 2ft yesterday
Happy Thanks Giving Everyone (click picture for video) ..thanks for all  the memories and for those to come :)
TBT...long, long ago we had these things called guide books. Before the ability to access internet river gages, we actually drove around checking hand painted gages on rocks and bridge abutments. In the process we also scouted the rivers. Anyone remember?
West River Meeting, Newfane:  The last public meeting about the watershed that includes the West River was tonight.  The Watershed Coordinator intends to take her plan - completed - to be signed by the powers that be by the end  the year.  She has heard our noise about continuing releases, but she said she does need to meet with other departments (Fisheries, etc.) in the next month to get their feedback on continued releases.  If haven't contacted her, please send her an email or snail mail begging (making our case for releases).  They need to be there before the end  November.  The address:  
Marie Levesque Caduto, Watershed Coordinator 
ANR / Dept.  Environmental Conservation
100 Mineral Street, Suite 303
Springfield, VT 05156-3168
Marie.Caduto@vermont.gov
Anyone want to run Fife tomorrow (Wednesday) around noon?
So--anybody want to paddle Thursday morning while the turkey is cooking?
Tville tomorrow. 2ish?
Anyone for Bulls tomorrow around noon?
Creek Boarding. And he cleans it.
For sale: large NRS helmet.  Used for one year.  $30.
Sigh.....I'm  have day water dreams
River  Sand in Iraq
A bunch  boating (etc) gear for sale.  I'm getting ready to move and need the money!
Astral Bouyancy Camino PFD, Med/Lg, used 3 times $50.
New Wave Vulcan, cut low for 150/155.  great shape $300.
Xcel full suit (no booties, hood), Superlite 3.2, used few times, in awesome shape.  Medium, $100.
Xcel shorty spring suit, used few times, in great shape, Med/Sm $50
Classic Shred Ready helmet, used 3 times, not even scratched.  $50
RipCurl Lobster toe booties, new in bag, size 9.  Great for boating or board surfing $20.
BZ bodyboard, new in plastic, 42.  $60
Hawg bodyboard coil leash, new in plastic $15
Nature's Shapes 5'10" fish.  5 fin boxes, set up as quad.  Just under 3" thick, real epoxy.  Was Becker's board.  $300.
NRS long neoprene pants, 3mm?  size XL, great shape.  $30
Bodyglove farmer john long spring suit.  Great shape size SM $30
Patagonia Ice Climbing pants, used one time.  Size 30.  Was over $300 new.  How about $100??
please contact me if interested, thanks!
Bull @ 2.5 at 3:30 Saturday.
1080 is best
There were two vehicles parked on the Lower Ash takeout path. Making it difficult to use the path yesterday to take out. ended up with pricker up my nose and bleeding little using the alternate route. Had fun on the river though. haven't seen vehicles parked there before. Anyone else have this problem? Do think they are sending message that boaters aren't welcome there?
Great people and great time on the Ash yesterday. Thank everyone for letting me tag along and showing me the lines! Happy Thanksgiving!
I love the Ash.  11 boaters and lots  fun.  Water at nice level. Congratulations to Sue Vollrath on her pfd.
Werner Desperado paddle, used three times, basically new.  197 rhc, 45.  still has $170 price tag on it.  $100.
Gonzo Slasher wood paddle.  202ish, near 90 degrees, rhc.  Classic collector's item in good shape, totally usable.  If you're not happy with the offset or length, can direct towards buddy that repairs Keith Backlund (etc) paddles and can change offset, length, paddle shaft diameter, etc, for very cheap price.  Wood is good and lasts.  $125.
anyone boating today??
Trying to find the "crack  noon" Bull's Bridge facebook page. Anyone have link?
Bulls today (Sunday) at noon
Possible low volume brodhead run tomorrow, any interest?
Boating Saturday. ?
Meanwhile ..in Canada :) <3
I did ask yesterday opinions on dry suits. ....made my purchase. .....now any suggestions on the best gloves to buy?  Thank you
Anyone run the w. branch  the beer kill? Think it will hold for tomorrow? similar to the Brodhead?   
Heading to Tville. Be there in about an hour
Anyone want to paddle the N Contoocook if it's remotely in tomorrow?  I'll bone zone...I'm in welded boat anyway.
Is anyone interested in south baker tom?  Possibly upper pemi if it holds, or swift?
Knightville putin. Looks good, if have the day off! That's not me but hope someone gets out on it.
FarMill was pipe high this am! Drop after the dam after house is nasty. Scout or walk like me.
A lot  the kill Creek along 87 south  Albany look pretty juicy
Tville Wed 145-2ish if anyone's free. Will probably go at the same time Thursday and or Friday if nothing comes up
Be at Walker brook in NH in few hours for Brunch
Watching the rain and pondering.  So what's for  Saturday. ?
Looking for good dry suit. ...thinking about one  these. .....don't know if that's overboard or not. ....any suggestions?
Grrrrr......are we ever going to get the rain they predicted, seems like skunk after skunk this year!
Can anyone recommend balaclava that is thin enough to fit under helmet and won't bunch up around the neck? Intended use Wwater Paddling or Biking. Something like this;
Is anybody missing Hydrapak?  I'm not sure where picked it up this year, but have feeling somebody left it in my car at the Dryway or Fall Creek.
For all y'all in the drysuit/drytop market, Colorado Kayak Supply is having 20% off everything today, including that coveted Kokatat GMER Drysuit (though I'm preferential to the Icon). The checkout code is "PHATGRAVY". That's right, phatgravy.
Looking for winter climbing partner at Central Rock Gym- Glastonbury, CT. I'm available Mondays, Thursdays, and usually try to do weekend day too. Climbing 5.10s, top-roping only at the moment.
god forbid something where to run on friday, would anybody like to do some creek boating in VT/NH? Big branch, baker valler, upper pemi, new haven, etc.. probably not as far as conway crawford notch, headed most likely to the green release on sat.
Looking to boat on Saturday. If NH is in I'll most likely stay local. Otherwise, the Green in VT is releasing.  's in? And by " 's in" mean   is willing to go anywhere there's water on Saturday. can even do Sunday too if Maine is in play.
Blue/white Recon 83 for sale $500 OBO. Message me for pics, located in CT.
Green River Release in VT

And again for the Saturday 11/21/15....... Verbatim from the management at Morrisvile Water and Light....

"We will attempt to run one unit full from 8 AM on Saturday November 21 until 4 PM.
We have been having problems operating the units at Green River this summer. One unit is not operable right now. The 2nd unit has been little finicky. Therefore, as said previously, we will attempt to run one unit full on Saturday but cannot guarantee we can provide flows for kayaking."

I am planning to be there early for few laps.  Hopefully we'll have decent flow.  Also.... Parking arrangements have changed.  No more parking at the Power sub-station or Used car dealership... The cow pasture may be an option, but don't count on it with the rain predicted for this Thursday/Friday.
Maybe I'm just getting old, but flat water paddling just doesn't do it for me anymore. as William Nealy put it ," like Paddling Up hill".Haven't got the patience for it . Only moving and whitewater work for me now. Is this something that happens when hit your 50s,60s ?      :)
Anyone free to paddle Sunday. Tville?
I need to put some river scratches on my new boat ASAP.
Fife Brook - From 9:00 AM tomorrow until 11:59 PM tomorrow, 800 CFS
Anyone want to meet up @ noon at the takeout. It will be the warmest part  the day.
West River & Connecticut River Advocacy Alert

As paddlers, we have all been frustrated and angry about the cancellation  whitewater releases on the West River. Over the past two decades, we have lost all spring releases and fall releases have been cut down to single day, depriving thousands  boaters opportunities to enjoy this great river and depriving the community  millions  dollars in economic benefits. The reasons for the elimination  these releases include the failed Atlantic Salmon restoration effort, but more generally, by mischaracterization  the West River releases as harmful to the aquatic habitat despite any real evidence to support that view. Many in our community have worked to educate both the Corps  Engineers and the state and federal agencies over the years, and in the past year, the Corps has restored 2-day fall release. We thank the Corps for that and appreciate the efforts  Julia Khorana with the AMC   has worked with the Corps for many years.

The Vermont Agency  Natural Resources is in the process  updating its Tactical Basin Plan for the West, Williams, Saxtons and the lower Connecticut River. This plan includes the West River below the Ball Mountain Dam in Jamaica as well as the Connecticut River below Bellows Falls. The draft basin plan says nothing about boating on either the West or Connecticut River or the importance  these resources to our community. We have an opportunity here to make our voices heard and invite members  our community to join with me in attending public hearings scheduled for later this month or by submitting written comments. We are asking Vermont to recognize the value  whitewater boating on the West River in the tactical basin plan and to support efforts to restore the Connecticut River at Bellows Falls through the hydropower relicensing process. They need to hear from us.

Bob Nasdor
American Whitewater

Below is the meeting schedule:
 
November 10
6:00 – 8:30 PM
Chester Town Office
556 Elm St., Chester, VT
 
November 17
6:00 – 8:30 PM
Londonderry Town Office
100 Old School Street, South Londonderry, VT
 
November 23
6:00 – 8:30 PM
Newfane Town Office
555 Route 30, Newfane, VT

Here is link to the plan: http://www.watershedmanagement.vt.gov/planning/docs/pl_basin11-13_draft.pdf 

http://www.watershedmanagement.vt.gov/planning/docs/pl_basin11-13_appen.pdf
Misc. Gear for sale located in Colchester, CT

NRS Motion Soft Shell Pogies $20
Kokatat Drybib w/ gortex socks and relief zipper -size large SOLD
Kokatat gortex semidry top with hood size Large- needs new wrist gaskets SOLD
Salamander curved finger neoprene gloves- size L $15
Body Glove Farmer John wetsuit size ML $30
NRS Neoprene shirt -size xs $20
NRS Rodeo Boots -size small $20
WTB: Happy Feet. Anyone have pair they don't use anymore, or would be willing to sell? My toes/ankles/heels/metatarsals will thank greatly.
Bulls at 10am
Excellent day riding the Bull. We had 13 paddlers on the first run, including many first-timers. Thanks everyone!
I found very nice whitewater paddle with no name on it on the highway today. If someone lost their paddle and can identify the one found contact me to claim it.
Great Jim Michaud  article :) 


There is/was interest in the lower winni for Sunday (tomorrow) at 11 am.  Prabhat, Kiran, Dan, Emilia, Andrew, still interested?  Please confirm.
Is anyone paddling Bottom Mooose tomorrow ?
My Jackson Super Hero is for sale.  Follow this link to NPMB if interested: 
Psst... if your old paddle buddies had kids and disappeared from your life, send them here... maybe you'll see them on the water again!  Heck, if have kids and missed 1/2 the Fall 2015 releases because love them so much, visit here yourself.

Not looking to "poach" - just thinking that sometimes kid-talk can be buzzkill: bootie-beers and binkies don't always go together ;)
Anyone want to do the lower winni tomorrow (Saturday) around 11 am?
Snowflakes    Falling.
I got screwed by the Sprite creek dam release cancellation, long story short, I'm flying into Albany tomorrow to get my car and boat, and am looking to run something on Saturday before driving home to PA. 

Anyone interested in Bulls bridge or anything else that may be running in NY/CT area? have shohola as back up but would like something new. 

Any takers?
Hey all,

I wrote review  the Liquid Logic Braaap for Blister Gear Review -- check it out if you're curious about the boat. I've had blast paddling it.
1080HD please
https://www.facebook.com/Amazing.Beautiful.Things/photos/a.297473900380583.66653.297468667047773/778661088928526/?type=3&fref=nf&pnref=story
Looking to buy some hand paddles, any experience/suggestions?
housatonic is up well over foot now
Bulls is up
Left Side  Mill Race on NB Took
FAT TIRE BIKE INQUIRY:  Rather than put spiked tires on my mntn bike this winter, I'm opting for fat tire bike if can find one that fits me decently ..being only 5'2" with 29 inseam with my riding shoes on!  Any ideas?  heard Specialized is making fatboy bikes for kids now ..but 24" tires 12" frame might be bit small for me.  My current bike is 26" tire Rockhopper for women and it fits well.  Was hoping one  these might have size to fit me:  Trek Farley, Surley Pugsley, Salsa Mukluk, or maybe Specialized Fatboy.  Any suggestions?
Fife release all day 11/10... Work willing, I'm aiming for Noon. Anyone else?
Werner Desperado paddle for sale.  Used couple  times on easy water with few rocks; basically new.  It still has the $170 price tag sticker on it.  
194/45   $100
Classic Shred Ready helmet for sale, used couple  times.  $50 obo
Wetsuits for sale, size Med/Sm...used handful  times and in excellent shape:
1) Xcel Springlite 3.2 full suit.  $100
2) Xcel Shorty spring suit $50
So great to see such huge  turnout for  the Tohickon.  2 fun runs
Infrared enhancement
Hmmm ...is it wet enough...I got Wednesday off
I want to get back into climbing....so CT folks have membership to central rock, anyone go? Wanna meet up? I'm not good.....Hahha
This sounds like it would be bad news for Downtown Hair if it goes forward.  


It's Time for AMC NY/NJ Canoe Kayak Committee Paddlers' Party!
 
Come celebrate the season with good friends, good cheer and good food (professionally catered).  BYOB.
    When: December 12, 2015 (Sat) 3pm-7pm
    Where: Hartley House, 413 W 46th St, New York, NY (near PA Bus Terminal)
    Price: $30pp at the door, $25 pp in advance 
 
Register by 12/3/2015 by clicking here or send name(s), email address and phone number to Registrar at:
     PSMS 278
     Attn: Loretta Brady
     421 W 219th St.
     New York, NY 10034
 
Payment  $25 per person can be sent by check payable to "AMC CKC" or by PayPal payment to canoekayak.paypal@amc-ny.org
 
Chief Party Planner:  Suzanne Villegas 
Registrar:                   Loretta Brady,   lorettajbrady@hotmail.com
If anything comes in with this possible rain this week let's go creekin'!  Hit me up.
So after fun weekend   paddling,  ice cream is must
I snagged some photos on the Green River yesterday, some  asked that post them here so here they are, feel free to tag, download, whatever
Hi Paddling Friends!

It's that time  year again... am writing to ask to please support my participation in the Safe Passage Hot Chocolate Run fundraiser. Safe Passage provides comprehensive domestic violence intervention and prevention services. The Hot Chocolate Run, to be held on December 6th, is our annual major fundraiser through which we raise large portion  the funding we need to provide critical services addressing domestic violence.

You can support me in this fundraiser by making donation through my personal Hot Chocolate Run fundraising page by clicking the link below. If several  can donate even $10.00 each, it will make big difference for the bottom line for Safe Passage's budget.
http://www.PledgeReg.com/85256

I love the work do at Safe Passage. So, if can, please help me and my colleagues continue to be able to provide essential services for victims/survivors  domestic violence, and work towards an end to such violence.

Thanks so much!
Iif are wondering where it's at, Bulls Bridge is holding at 1ft at the painted gauge, good level. I'll be up there tomorrow.
What's the potential for the green releasing tomorrow too?
A new perspective  one  the rivers most  know very well. Check out some aerial footage from the Deerfield this summer! 
I'm off to the Tohickon.
Hope to see all
Any interest in the Winni, Saturday, around 11 AM?  Could be the only thing running, north  the Tohickon.
Hay any bring rubber down to the Tohickon
Any one going to the Tohickon release on Saturday?
What can all tell me about the Toh? What can expect? Am in over my head? Will die? Hahah seriously, any and all advice is appreciated 😊
Ocean surf toys for sale:
BZ bodyboard, new and in plastic. 42.  $75
Nature's Shapes 5'10" 5-Fin Fish shape.  Just under 3" thick, epoxy (not cheap epoxy).  This was Mike Becker's board.  $300
Rip Curl booties, lobster style.  NEW size 9.  $15
I need to sell this stuff!
New Wave Vulcan squirt boat for sale....in really good shape, cut low for around 150 pounds and size 10 feet.  really great boat to paddle downriver and for surfing.  $300
Please read!
Hey gang as the moderator  this page have to approve everybody   wants to join. On daily basis get requests from people all over the world. When look at their pages they have no interest in an outdoor or Whitewater boating. So block them. may not be very savvy with all  this so my question to is why would these people want to join. Almost 100%  the time they are women. Are they trying to spam us in some way?
I found where the whitewater is at.
Is it possible to know in advance if the Winni will be running this weekend?  This morning it was about 600 cfs.  Isn't that bit low?

Thanks
what's running this weekend to try my new paddlecat on?  It's still in the box and wants to get used :)
I found this info about the bridge construction on Tohickon and possible portage. 
Hello, recently relocated to Bergen county NJ and am looking to find paddling partners and local playspots for park & play or local day trips. Can anyone recommend anything close to central or northern Bergen county to run as am clueless...
Winni tomorrow (Thursday Nov 5) at 11 am anyone?
Anyone know someone   can replace neck gasket?
the seldom run "Ignorance is Bliss" on the Beerkill
Hey all. I'm back home in CT for few weeks from WY. All boats in tow. If anything runs or there's random release lemme know!  I'll go as far as ME. Pray for rain!
This should be good!
  has any info about sprite release this year?
Ok Folks we asked and here is what we got....  Verbatim from the management at Morrisvile Water ad Light....

"We will attempt to run one unit full from 8 AM on Saturday November 7until 4 PM.
We have been having problems operating the units at Green River this summer. One unit is not operable right now. The 2nd unit has been little finicky. Therefore, as said previously, we will attempt to run one unit full on Saturday but cannot guarantee we can provide flows for kayaking."

I am planning to be there early for few laps.  Hopefully we'll have decent flow.  Also.... Parking arrangements have changed.  No more parking at the Power sub-station or Used car dealership...  Park down/west on the Lamoille at the Fish and Game access area.

See ya there...

Cheers,
Ryan
Just got off the phone with DCNR in PA and it looks like everything is go for the Tohickon release this weekend. They have my contact info and will let me know if there is any change. They are looking forward to having the releases again.
Looks like the dryway ran from 5pm today till 9pm at 950 cfs and will do the same tomorrow....hopefully someone can get sunset run tomorrow
Wanted: Sprayskirt for Prijon Tornado. Excellent Quality that won't pop.
Toaster Mitts Lost:  Did anyone find pair  large Toaster Mitts at the takeout  the Contoocook Sunday?  If so, they're probably mine.
Potential new hazard at tville. One  the slalom wires broke off the river left side above the play hole rapid and got stuck in the middle. While trying to pull it out the wire snapped and about 15 feet  it may still be stuck there. Hopefully it will be visible when the water drop. There were several other down wires that could be an issue when the level rises. Picture is  before it snapped.
Anyone heading down to the Tohickon Creek release next weekend?
Finally rained enough the other day to bring the ASS up to runnable for the first time in forever.  Here's what call Mini-Crackpipe, because the wave is formed by huge pipe along the river bed.  The eddy was "helped" multiple times by some kayaking beavers which in turn, improved the wave height, stickiness, and eddy service.  This was the lowest would run t eh river and it's still good wave, one  many on the ASS.  At high water, it's downright amazing......at this level, it's just front surf territory.
Can't find the right map to make sure, but isn't this near the New Boston run?

Took 11 am at the put in.
Anyone up for the Took tomorrow (Friday) around 11 or 12 noon?
 's paddling with in 2ish hour radius  boston tmrw (or sat)?
There is some non-trivial wood in play on the Winnie. There is very large downed tree completely blocking the large river left eddy above Zippys (where people typically set up for the home stretch to the take out). Parts  this tree are also out in the main flow as well. All wood is easily avoidable, but that tree is definitely going to have to go! 

There is also small log at the entrance to Alpine route against the room  doom. Currently not in play, but would be at higher flows. could only see it from the eddy against the wall. The alpine route is still generally clear. 

Also paddled the Black Water today, where the wood situation is on  oooole other level. Scout all the major drops!
Beerkill will surely hold for tomorrow was healthy and dropping very slow.
Tville tomorrow (sat) around 11?
Tville is just great today !!!!  3.10 on the riverside gauge right now and 73 degrees. Frikin' fantastic river day!! Ledge waves are sweet for SUPsurfing at this level.
Running the Warner River in about an hour, PM me if you're in the area!
Will be doing longboat laps on dryway and/or wbd tomorrow if anyone is around.
Bulls bridge. Is plant still offline. It was off last time was there 2 weeks ago. 
If it is it should be around 1.5'. am correct?
Does anyone have or has paddled Jackson Karma UL. Thinking  getting one but would love to sit in one and or maybe paddle.
Want/Need To Buy: Elbow pads. Hit me up, y'all. My elbows thank you.
The Missisquoi is running big this weekend. The hydro is down and the river is up, so there will be some beefy flows on Saturday. Check with Michael Mainer for more info.
In the whites tomorrow. Anyone have any good class IV recommendations...preferably something that's holding water.
once again the berkshires missed all the rain. everrything else is running. the catskills, delaware watergap, vermont creeks, NH creeks coming up, MAine is too far
Anyone interested in paddling the North River from the VT border to Colrain, MA (take out at the school) tomorrow?

It's class 2 

I think it will pop up due to heavy rain tonight and tomorrow looks to be sunny and warmer
FarMill should be in, hope. 3.95"  the wet goodness here at my place.
Anyone interested in leaving work early to do Crystals today
Beerkill should be juicy today and in tomorrow at the least as well. Gunks creeks running this morning but most will drop out by afternoon
Weekend:  What are people's thoughts?  I'm thinking that the 'Took and the Winnie will be runnable, and perhaps the Lower Ash.  Not sure about the flashy ones.
Rock River (near West R.) is running now.  Unless we get lot more rain, it won't hold until the weekend.  Not sure if it'll hold tomorrow, but don't think so.
Like DOT salt trucks idling before big snow... This is your forecast for big rain in the Deerfield watershed :)
Turn Black Friday into White(water) Friday!
Bob Nasdor - think AW could get Deerfield release for daylight hours on Friday 11/27? 
Maybe align with Class III sponsor REI's decision to 'opt out'  Black Friday?
There's been consistent 1-hour release on Fife every evening lately, so it seems there's good chance the water is there to save up for healthy 4-6 hour release.
I'd be happy to write, call, etc anyone needed to spur it along.
all need to do is leave vague voice mail at about 5am saying aren't well and can't come in.
Anyone heading to Tville tomorrow afternoon?
Beautiful view  the effects  climate change.  Also, FIRST DESCENT waiting for someone!
anyone have experience with Mythic drysuits?  Seems like great value at $225 (or $325 if want to pee freely)
any trips going out this weekend?  Class IV boater with several class V under my belt.  Looking to paddle, let me know!
Someone got photo  my van fully loaded at the Deerfield think back in june. It was when we clown car'd folks inside and had raft on top  the boats on the roof. Daniela Dragisic  remember?!?!?! Lol
is there anyone passing down the NYS Thruway to the Green Race that can transport play boat down with them?
Are there any more releases this year, or are we down to natural flow / praying for rain?
Pyranha S6 190 for sale or trade for S8225, Sub7 One Ball, or similar.  like the S6 but I'm after something longer.
For sale orbea occam29 it's great mountain bike with bunch  new parts New wheelset rotors and brake pads  The bike has Fox float  shocks in the rear and rock shocks recon in the front witch adjustable and also can be locked out while riding super fun bike to ride. 1200 or best offer
The Berkshires might go off this week. 
!!!
Any chance water is still leaking out  Fall Creek?  Doubtful suppose may just need to wait for Thu natural flow
The come along was nonproductive. Once we pulled the log 5' it was difficult to get slack to unhook it. would need another chain to hold the tension  so we could get slack on the cheap come along to reconnect it. chain saw would be 100% easier. 
The log is still at the bottom on the chimney rapid at the scantic.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wGDNYsokvSM
Check it out. moosefest 2015!
What is the current bounty on kayak paddle and pogies?
Like the looks  the Millbrook...def. on the List;
Fall creek tomorrow.  Enough talk.  I'll be there at 9 am.  That is all folks.
Is fall Creek releasing tomorrow
Has anybody verified with the dam operator that there will be Fall Creek release this weekend? have plans to head down if there is going to be water.
Lucky break.
Higher-than-normal release on Otis Fall Creek today in order to give NESS Race some decent flow. 
Great moment for newbie like me to see dozen or so experienced paddlers turn down an entire run... some were even geared up and ready to put-in - making the decision to bail that much more poignant.  
The statement at the end for the 2 runners was something along the lines of: That was one  the most concentrated 15-minutes  paddlng we've done, the run was good, but we are done for the day.
Good reminder for Dad to walk away from trouble and hopefully this little memory will stick with the kiddos too.
Has anyone been able to confirm New Boston is runnable this weekend? read given two opposite and emphatic answers earlier.
Hey Alex Barham any beta on the 'playability'  this rapid on the Mohawk?  
...Alyson Slack Steve Brabetz  know  any good park n' play spots between Albany and Glens Falls?
Anyone know if fall creek is releasing this Friday?
So The Tohickon is supposed to release Nov 7 and 8.  Any interest in one or both days?
Amazing water survival trick (instant PFD from pants)
They found warranty seal defect in my T3 Meridian Kokatat Drysuit, so they are either going to replace it for free with this: http://kokatat.com/products/dry-suits/hydrus-3l-dry-suit-with-relief-zipper-socks-men.html, or can upgrade to the GMER for $189.  The Hydrus Meridian has the lifetime warranty  the GMER, so I'm wondering which would do and why?  I've been very happy with the T3 Meridian which is the old version  the Hydrus.....reasons for spending the extra two bills?  Here's the GMER specs http://kokatat.com/gore-texr-meridian-dry-suit-with-relief-zipper-men.html
"It's #BackToTheFuture day! There aren't any flying cars, but the #hydropower industry wants to #UnlockHydro, dewater rivers and go back to 11/12/1955."
If legislation (H.R. 8) passes the House, this is what our rivers will look like again. If you're so inclined, now is good time to reach out to your Representatives in the House. Otherwise, just share this picture around to show the truth  what the hydropower industry is after...

https://www.americanwhitewater.org/content/Article/view/articleid/32435/
Fall Creek - Otis Reservoir MA - 10/17/2015
(I moved that pesky twig, then no more runs to shoot... wood doesn't just bother boaters!)
Fall Creek - Otis Reservoir MA - 10/17/2015
Wanna run Fall Creek tomorrow, and have good crew  interested folks like Boater Snmt, Samuel Stone and Kane McGuire, but we need leader to show us the no no areas if possible, or we can just read and run.  can someone post the put in and take out addresses?  Thanks.
Anyone know if there are pics posted from the North branch Pcat run last weekend? There was guy setup taking photo's in Buzzels. Be fun to see some  that!
Moosefest, y'all.
Anyone down for an afternoon paddle tomorrow or Thursday? Thinking sumners/hartland ... Not much else running. Dying to paddle but can't find buddy :( People are saying it's "cold" or something.

I live in Lebanon, NH so I'm down for anything within an hour!
Dose this count as rain dance?
Pyranha S6 190 up for trade for Sub7 Oneball/S7 or an S8 225.  the S6 has new rachets.  like the boat but want something longer/faster
FOR SALE:
New Wave Vulcan squirt boat- cut low for 150-ish.  Good shape.  $300
Anyone interested in allowing my son (age 22) and (age 483, according to my son) to join them on the Lower Moose Saturday and/or Sunday?  We're from Vermont and haven't run the Moose.  We've run class 3 / 4 rivers like the Dryway and others in New England.
the warmest place today was in my drysuit, in my boat, going down the river.  Dang it's cold out there.
Anyone want to run the ausable chasm tomorrow?
Lost: GoPro Hero 3+. Yup, swam on my second run  Agers today and my GoPro and lanyard ripped off my kayak. There was no float on it, but if anyone by chance finds it please shoot me message. can identify it based on the number  videos on it, or the color  the lanyard/carabiner. Not holding my breath on this one, though, obviously haha. Thanks!
  ran fall Creek today? All good for tomorrow?
They just turned Fall Creek on.
Can someone give me the address for the Mongaup put in?
Does anyone know what time the water turns on for fall creek this coming saturday? Also   all is planning on being there
Woke up this morning to snow. Moosefest here we go!
New Boston or Mongaup... I've never been to either. Which is more kid-friendly at good photo-spots? 

To give an idea  what I'm looking for: Rodeo Hole rock is perfect (kids sit on flat rock behind me) and Zoar Gap is ok (kids sit up at road while I'm down on the rocks).

Mine are 3&7 - if anyone else has young spectators I'd be happy to meet up with their non-paddler to join forces on kid duty.
any other open boaters planning on running fall creek? it would be fun to get some video  the sports action.
For anyone looking to buy liquid logic boat in the CT area, Jeff Hammond and will be headding down for green race and have some extra space to pick up boat or two from the factory, send me message for more info!
I'm going east on i-90 and seeing lot  kayaks going west but heading for the most believe I'm jealous
Here's my NB PCat vid....used the Jackson Levator Mount on my Blackfly which was cool perspective. Some good views  the "controversial" Buzzells Rapid, heading purposely at the mean 'ole curler. As always, 1080HD is best.
I just came north from the Carolinas,,,do folks have Beaver Sharks in these rivers? We had many spottings this year on the Nantahala.
So I'm driving up 28 in NY today, went across bridge and as all paddlers do, looked down and said hmmmm that looks runnable.  When looked up there was sign , Esuapus river. We'll I'll  be damned. Now know where it is. Also looks like lots  restaurants and camping there also
Anything running in the northeast this weekend? Moose is viable option, but would rather not make the 7hr haul if there is more water to be had.
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
Anyone know  class 2-3 that is running this weekend? From southern Maine will travel. Couple  newbs
Any recommendations for skirt that will keep Fun and Star dry?
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
Random question: Has anyone done any rafting\kayaking in Costa Rica and would recommend specific spot?

I have the opportunity to fly there for cheap this winter and would like to check out one  these awesome rivers for 1 or 2 days during.
Indian/Hudson 10/10/2015 with Merrie, Sam, and Ed Y
OK  so can anyone yet guarantee that there is certainty  that the Tohickon will definitely release water for sure?
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
Everything on closeout Bomber Gear is now at 65% off. Most  the dry clothing has gone but it's great place to pick up some bargain thermal and base layers for winter.
does anyone have any pogies or kayaking gloves can borrow for moose fest this weekend by chance?  Be greatly appreciated!
A friend  mine   is not on Facebook is looking for Jackson Fun Runner, or perhaps Diesel 65.  Anyone   has one in good / very good condition and wants to sell it, let me know.  We both live near the West River in Vermont.
Mongaup - 2 turbine release Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!
Dryway at Monroe Bridge 10/10/2015 - Fall colors
Zoar Gap 10/04/2015
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
10/18/2015 - Fall Creek and Farmington - Otis Reservoir MA - NESS Race and 2 Creekers
10/17/2015 - Fall Creek and Farmington - Otis Reservoir MA - NESS Race and Creekers 
10/10/2015 - Dryway Final Weekend - good carnage day at Tooth/Rodeo
10/04/2015 - Slow Day at the Gap


Tag yourself, tag friend... if you're planning to do some amazing tricks in my area send me message, can try to get shot  it.

All images Copyright 2015 Brad Walker with full rights  reproduction to the subject(s) in the photos. If for-profit business wishes to use an image, throw me bone... anyone else, enjoy!
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole  "I'm walking on air... Flying away on wing and prayer,   could it be?"
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole -- those water rats, always hitchhiking... ultimately swimming to Right as the runaway boat was brought to an early Labyrinth eddy
Camping at Moosefest:  Can anyone post where people camp for the Moosefest?  Thanks ...
Katelyn Green, few pictures from today and yesterday on the Rouge, Quebecicolor
Deerfield River - Dryway 10/10/2015 - Dragon Tooth and Rodeo Hole
Saw guy taking pictures on the dryway today. I'd love to see those photos!  hopfully there here think he said where's the whitewater at.
What time is dryway release tmrw?
Cancelled my maiden solo dryway run today. My little mustang died unexpectantly. Thankful she was healthy as horse up until her last day. Adopted her when she was about year old through BLM. Great 28 years riding together.
I can hardly believe that four blue morning glory blooms are still open on the the railing outside They always close as soon as the sun goes down behind the trees. They wide blue and wide open. How odd is that?
Anyone paddling the Fife tomorrow? I'll be at  take out by 11
Ausable Chasm is primed. Hit me up if anyone in the area wants to run. have 50% shuttle, needing the other 50%. It's around 500cfs so the ride out won't be too terrible.

http://waterdata.usgs.gov/nwis/uv?site_no=04275500

http://www.americanwhitewater.org/content/River/detail/id/1236/
Downriver and wildwater fans: NECKRA Dryway race this Sunday, October 11th. Meet at the start for shuttle coordination and registration.
Deerfield Dryway
Monroe Bridge put-in
Exact race date will be announced when the water release has been scheduled.
Class IV mass start downriver race from the Monroe Bridge put in to the bottom  Labyrinth Rapid on the Deerfield Dryway. The Deerfield Dryway is Class III and IV whitewater so be familiar and practice the course before the race. There will be some safety on the course but all racers are responsible for their own safety and should be proficient in self rescue in difficult class IV rapids.
Contact elainecampbellkayaking@gmail.com for more details.
Headed to the Rouge River and seven sisters this weekend between Ottawa and Montreal if anyone wants to join. Thought might try to hit up the Ausable Chasm on the way up tomorrow.

https://www.americanwhitewater.org/content/River/detail/id/4467/#
Randy J. Noble Wade Raymond John Ivanisin Sr., were part  the email list from this. Maybe were there?
River Beta questions, New York: In an effort to enjoy the peaking fall colors how low is the Hudson Gorge fluid? less interested in it being gnarly than being decently floatable. 

What is the deal with Woodhull Creek? AW says the class3-5 section is boatable very frequently. is the AW gauge accurate or is it loose correlation.
FS: 2010 Jackson All Star-  It has crack that has been repaired with roofing repair tape and other sealants. No signs  leaking with multiple river runs. $75 Located in central CT.
Looking to play around on the Fife Saturday or run the Dryway in my bigger boat. Sunday run Dryway again. Anyone interested. 
Plans can be flexible. Just want to take advantage  two days to paddle
Rattlesnake section  the Housatonic today at 5pm. Meet at the put-in. Bottom drop (~15ft)  Great Falls may be low enough to run..
anyone interested in some flatwater on lillinonah to the base  the shepaug this weekend.
I heard rumor that the Otis Reservoir was releasing this weekend, can anyone confirm that?
old town pack canoe, solo royalex, weighs 32 pounds.  good shape, $300.
Has anyone ever put motor on raft for flat water?  Could put one on this for the lake when not in white water? 
Flat water question! Looking to buy my dad nicer paddler for the recreational paddling he does - can anyone recommend something? He currently uses the low end LLBean aluminum one. Looking at paddles from the AB Sting Ray to the Werner Kalliste ... Not sure what can spend yet!
This has nothing to do with whitewater but if anyone has an old moped laying around thats not being used and would like to get it out  the shed or basement we are looking for more war horses as parts bikes. Thank in advance
When is the release on Fall Creek happening?
Need some help... When is the Sprite Creek (NY) release? couldn't find any beta on it.
Just found some great pictures from the West on NPMB, many familiar faces:

Check on your friends down south 
Hey everyone, hope some  can join us after the North Branch PCat drawdown up in Bristol right near the playhole.  Playing with fun organ trio at the Back Room at The Mill from 7:30-9:30pm.  This is door gig, meaning, if nobody comes, we don't get paid so I'm hoping my paddling NH friends can make it out!  James Detzel and his lovely wife came out at the last gig and really dug it. Hey Laurie Cestnick, can post that video  us at the Purple Pit?  Hope to see on the river Saturday at at the Mill Saturday night!
Anyone want to run Ausable Chasm tomorrow (10/6) before it drops too much more?
Winni on Wednesday! 2-ish!
For sale: 
New Wave Vulcan squirt- cut for 145/150.  $300
BZ bodyboard, 42.  New in plastic  $75
Bodyglove booties, new, size 9.  $15
Gonzo Slasher wooden paddle $125
L'eau Vive Skirt, new, xs tube, big bungee $40
Patagonia Ice Climbing pants, highest end, used once snowshoeing.  Size 32.  Was over $300. asking 200
lots more stuff.  shoot me msg or see pics at the New England Gear Swap page.  thanks!
Colbrook river reservoir.  Very very low right now.  One can paddle down an extra mile or two past the Bears Den rapid on the Farmington before coming to the pool.
Zoar Gap 10/04/2015 - my sidekicks :)
a close look at C-1 legend. 
FS: Cascade helmet with face cage, excellent condition, only worn 5 times, size xs, fits 6 to 6 3/4" (up to 21 1/4" circumference), central NH, $35.
looking to boat in new york this weekend. anyone going to be around?
Tubes at Fall Creek.  Present and accounted for.  There was rumor that they may be replaced with large rectangular concrete slot to allow more water through...The rumor was started by the dam operator last fall...maybe it is on the books for the next year or two... But for now our old friends are waiting for the water to get turned on...this photo was taken today.  When do they turn the water on?
Jon Loehrke running cannibal falls
Anyone running Bulls today?
Ash on Sunday meeting at 11:30 at the take out.
Great sale on drysuits!  

http://m.outdoorplay.com/Kayak-Drysuits?utm_source=Outdoorplay%20-%20Main&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Drysuits&utm_source=Outdoorplay+-+Main&utm_campaign=201de195ab-Our_Biggest_Drysuit_Sale10_3_2015&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_946786458b-201de195ab-198248925
Anyone heading to the West today?
Took tomorrow anyone for those   don't do the Ash?
  wants to paddle few laps on Bulls Bridge tomorrow from 10am? Level will be between 1ft and 2ft on the boater's gauge. Trying to get group together.
Dry Hair Day for my first Open Boat Run on the Warner River yesterday with Matt Chadbourne and Kane McGuire.  1080HD is best.
Anyone up for couple laps on Bulls tomorrow?  Planning on being there at around noon!
Any interest in running the Indian/Hudson next Saturday?
last video ill upload for while...saving some goodies up
Any one boating Saturday. Please
witness some carnage as seen from my POV on Mega-Slide, Pond Brook NH
I just bought an Aire Sabertooth 12' paddlecat, orange
Ball Mountain reservoir at 75 feet. Plenty  water for weekend West release. Thanks #armycorps
So do we have river to boat on Saturday
Just ran the Warner at 5.5 in my open boat, had clean run through it all. Lots  rock dodging at that level, probably harder than over 6 for canoe, but dry hair day and good lines were had. One tree in the drop after meltdown, at this point easily skirted on the right. If it slips across the river, it might be trouble so scout the gorge in the am before run it. Likely to be even bonier tomorrow. Thanks to Kane and Matthew for the run!
lower ash sat noon
Dead branch visual Thursday morning
Th Connecticut River is ragin' at Bellows Falls, VT.  Has anyone ever paddled this?
What's gonna be up tomorrow kiddies????
Heading to the Forks tonight to renew my working VISA at the border in Jackman ..anyone up there paddling this weekend? ..bringing my boat and bike
If anyone is interested D.O.A.N.E.S falls is at nice medium level.  Depending on the time frame could rally it
Can still camp at the West?  Thinking about Sunday run then camping Sunday night.  How much is it and what's the place to reserve?  Thanks!
WEST RELEASE is officially 1500cfs from 10AM to 5PM both Saturday and Sunday.

FYI: Ramping will be before 10AM each day, with ramping down after 5PM on Saturday in order to hold water for the Sunday release.
There's going to be another West River release this weekend!
9AM to 4PM out  Ball Mountain Dam both Saturday and Sunday!

No shuttle provided.
Dead Branch visual Friday mornng
So I'm looking at this river and think she may run tomorrow.  Does anyone know the address  the putin? I'm having hard time finding it with the information they give me.  Also anyone interested in paddling it? 

 On top  all that we have hurricane coming in which means LOT  rain.  I'm considering packing my car with food and water and driving around river to river to river to just paddle.  Let me know if anyone here is interested.

But number one interest is Locke Brook.
Some Winni wood concerns, primarily around Coliseum
for sale:
necky crux (great on the micro creeks!)$300
liquid logic trigger (river runner)$200 b/o
necky switch (play/surf) $175 bo
all good condition.
If anyone wants to go creeking in eastern NY or any bordering states (Friday) or over the next 1.5 weeks, hit me up
Anyone for ballfield-to-bridge Tville late this afternoon?
Still large amount  uncertainty for the Joaquin storm track and landfall but starting to sound like miss.
NWS Overview... 

"The track  Hurricane Joaquin is the main concern in the extended 
period as this will dictate the extent  any additional rainfall 
and wind late Sunday into early next week. Recent eastward/seaward 
trends seen in the UKMET...European model (ecmwf) and its ensembles are now appearing 
in the 12z GFS and its ensembles. What appears to be happening is 
separation between the developing upper low over the southeast 
states and Joaquin is too large for the upper low to capture the 
tropical cyclone. Perhaps more importantly is the upper low/pv 
anomaly near 27n/70w that retrogrades to the north  Joaquin this 
weekend and helps kick/steer the hurricane out to sea while the 
ridge to the north Joaquin weakens. There is still some uncertainty 
in the tropical model guidance however the overall trend is 
eastward/offshore with Joaquin. This is trend we can/T ignore and 
will begin slowly diminishing probability  precipitation and wind for early next week."
Nevertheless we need to continue monitoring later model trends.

Ash is running
West River release this weekend!
Rain is finally coming. The ACOEs plans to build the Ball Mountain pool this week and provide 2-day release on the weekend.  

Updates will be posted!
Doing Bulls at 2.30pm, meeting at the put-in
Schoharie Creek Boating Information Needed

The New York Power Authority is in the process  relicensing the Blenheim Gilboa Pumped Storage. They would like to speak with any individuals   have paddled on the section  the river below the dam to see whether there are boating opportunities there. I'm also interested in the area upstream to the Gilboa dam. would appreciate if anyone with information on this would let me know. Thanks
soooo what are people planning to paddle this weekend??
An idea for road trip. Anyone interested in doing the Indian/Hudson on Sat., Oct 10, then driving to the Dryway for Sun., Oct 11 final release???
http://www.americanwhitewater.org/content/River/detail/id/701/
I'll take thurs off for this one.
Heading to Tville today around 3:30 if anyone would like to join. Perfect level for throwing down.
Low, Slow, Bony & Stony Scantic River Run Today. At that level I'd recommended hiking boots & wading staff. All kidding aside...there's wood in the Chimney Rapid(S-turn) and some afterward as well. Straircase @ Powder Hollow is clean. Didn't check above @ Stoker's. River was very clean  trash thanks to the efforts  these folks...
Stuck at work today promised myself wouldn't look at gauges just drove over the Deerfield River in Deerfield and it's cranking what's running out there people
More on Hudson River Rafting Co.... http://m.poststar.com/news/local/dec-commissioner-decides-rafting-pioneer-should-not-have-license/article_aa7de70f-2b78-55ab-aaa3-996749c8b21a.html?mobile_touch=true
Just went over Rockaway River in New Jersey and it looks sporty
Far Mill is far from running.
i wish was unemployed today
Anyone want to get on New Boston or Westfield this afternoon?
Anyone interested in an afternoon run  upper otter brook?
Gauge watching.....Sigh....
Headed to tville for 430 ish if anyone wants to join. Highest its been in months
Anyone have visual on Bulls?  Scott Barnes?
Joaquin is now Hurricane
Just got visual at Stinson brook in the Baker Valley... Shit is huge right now. Baker valley is flooding. Staring at the pemi in plymouth it's starting to turn brown and seeing debris float by.
If know Emilia Deimezis Sharon McElroy or Ally Bugliari help support us in the #paddlefaces contest! 

You have to click on the picture before press like so that way the like counts towards the contest!
anyone have any recommendations for drysuits?  The one have now leaks through the fabric and is about 10 years old!!
I am seriously disappointed by the lack  enthusiasm vs the south easts recents rain. Down there every body is freaking out and making plans as what to do with the torrential storms. And think just heard pin drop
So it's raining lot these next few days hopefully.  I'm looking to hit something Friday and/or Saturday.  Let's get some rowdy in.
Please everybody that is out today
a) be safe - watch for new wood, creeks haven't run in while
b) post levels to www.necreeking.com (text to 802-746-4779)
Is this the stuff guys use for foam outfitting in your boats?
Anyone down near Jersey looking to boat around there if there is water on Saturday?  What's around?  The Rockaway, the Wanaque?
Getting carwash now rain should start any minute.
I found this at the bottom  tville.  Anyone lose half  paddle?
WTB: IR, Seals, Snap Dragon, Bomer spray skirt that will fit LL Flying Squirrel. (90"circumference M(30"-33")tunnel) 

thanks. feel free to text
4139238017
Anyone have good resources(besides AW) or know guide books for river runs out in Montana (specifically Bozeman and Missoula) areas?
Looks like rain is in the forecast all week. can't work in the rain. may look for something local in the Westfields if stuff should pop. Anyone feeling sick? Bob Malinowski Jeffrey Marquis
Loaded and ready to get some, Jah willing. Rallying out to where ever the most rain is going to fall after get out  work tonight.
West River 2015- "Shame and eternal shame, nothing but shame."
 Henry V
 Embarrassing myself at most public  venues.

I'm guessing we'll be hearing about evidence  whitewater soon.  's ready for some first descents on Mars?
Esopus Slalom is this weekend. can register online at: NESSRACE.COM
It's best to register by Wednesday.
Slalom is good way to work on skills.
I found this at the bottom  tville.  Anyone lose half  paddle?
Local guide Larry Lorusso will be presenting "Let me take - the Grand Canyon" this Saturday, 10/3 at 6 pm in the Zoar Outdoor pavilion. Larry Lorusso is photographer with over 40 years’ experience including working in advertising and publishing in the Sierra Club Wilderness Trails calendars. Larry took his first raft trip on the Penobscot River in the late 80's which began his journey as raft guide on various rivers over 24 years. In 1996 he did his first river trip in the Canyon, where he found perfect blend  his two passions, photography and rivers, and this passion continues even today. "Let me Take -… the Grand Canyon" is an amazing photo show representing his many trips in the Canyon.
An assortment  runs at the top  the Dumplings, Buffy Spencer shot this. Feel free to ID yourself or others. Lovely day, lovely river, lovely people; hope we can look forward to more releases next year.

Men's Black XL Kokatat Rogue dry top for sale. Used less than 5 times- no problems just don't have need for it. $220 obo
I was going to call this Fear and Loathing in West Virginia, but it turns out there wasn't much loathing..maybe little fear. had the chance to roll down to Gauley Fest this year for the first time and paddle the Upper.
Planning on The Esopus next  Saturday. Two day release.
Does anyone have totally dead float bag they could get rid  for little or no cost? want one or two dump valves and don't know where to buy them. Thanks.
Don't want to jinx it by mentioning the amount  rain forecast tmrw and wed....but have boat on vehicle
Nice story about our friend Jim Michaud in American Whitewater this month
Broke my paddle on the West yesterday...need replacement...anyone selling?
Lookin for some help! My friend   was supposed to take myself and another friend down the west tomorrow is having car troubles and can't make it, we are almost half way to Vermont (over 5 hour drive), wondering if anyone would be willing to take us down/feed us lines! We are both strong boaters, however fairly new, we both have solid rolls (on and off sides) and have paddled the Lower yough, upper gorge, and salmon river! Any help would be greatly appreciated! :) thank you!
Any info on Fall Creek this year?
It's kind  funny reading an article about whitewater from someone   knows very little about whitewater... B for effort though... 
Old Time Carnage by Buffy: West River Carnage
This is some "light" carnage from back when there were multi day and multiple weekend releases on the West River. Many more people showed up, including those  se canoe and ragged wetsuit sat in the garage all year except for the release, plus the inevitable assorted Boy Scout troops.
Featured are lots  flotsam and jetsam, some accompanied and some not. Lots  flip, long swims stuck rafts, stuck rafter, raft guide trying to imitate Errol Flynn, and couple  ender spot oddities. In short, good time was had by all.
Video by Buffy Spencer
Soundtrack by Scott Joplin- "Maple Leaf Rag" and "Ragtime Dance"
Fellow Boaters, UConn Recreation is hosting stop on the Banff Film Festival Radical Reels Tour this Saturday 9/26 at 7pm. FREE ADMISSION for General Public. More info at: http://recreation.uconn.edu/events/banff-radical-reels-film-festival/
Anyone doing the Sacandaga this weekend?
For Sale:  Wavesport SuperEZ. Dark blue. Full original outfitting. Will bring to West River fest. $275.
What are the chances  the Dryway releasing on Friday October 2nd? No scheduled release but I'm going to be in the area and would like something more that just the Zoar gap.
West release this weekend has been officially confirmed!  

Saturday, September 26th
1500 cfs from 10 am - 3 pm!
Must read article in AW about Jim Michaud.  Privileged to know him and to be able to paddle with him.
West yes for Saturday.   But anything for Sunday?.
Just wanted to throw this out there... If anybody is interested in working on their canoe game. do private lessons.
For sale
My beloved allstar. In decent used shape. Just selling because I'm too large for the boat.  $250.
FOR SALE

I ordered this from NRS and it didn't fit me. It's brand new with sizing pads. MSRP is $89.95. It's size M-XL. I'm located in NYC and can ship to you. Call/text 707-536-7440 or direct message me.
seeking to buy raft ..any for sale?
Looking for Medium Pyranha Jed playboat... know there aren't many Pyranah boats up here, but if anyone has line on one... Let me know!
Wavesport Habitat 80 for sale:  $450.00

For details, see:  http://www.npmb.com/3/forum/for-sale-or-wanted/for-sale-wavesport-habitat-80-great-condition-450-00/#p211586
Anything running tomorrow?
At 57 years old I'm amazed that I'm so excited about the West this weekend!  Hope to see y'all!  Hopefully I'll be in the big red boat with Lady Egan!
Mongaup Sunday!!! Two barrels.
Carin and Dan on the hudson gorge 9/19/15
Glad no one swam through this last section. This is what it would have looked like swimming at half speed. Mongaup.
Lost my drivers licence and debit card at the Mongaup put in or take out on Sunday 9/21/15. If anyone sees it let me know. Thanks
I am trying to get Necky Chronic down to the Gauley in the next few weeks...is anyone heading down there, that will also be at the West release?  could bring the boat there and hand it off to you.  The guy buying the boat will pay in beer, soda pop, or maybe gas $ for your efforts.  Thanks!
Great time on Mongaup. Thanks Joe for setting it up.
Prijon Hurricane in blue, great condition for sale $200. DM for pictures.
Fifin' 11:30 at takeout for Noon-3:00 release.
The USA Whitewater Slalom Team is Racing Tomorrow Bright & Early in the SemiFinals  the 2015 Whitewater Slalom World Championships!
Watch Casey Eichfeld Live @ 4:49 AM EST in Men's C-1,  Ricky Powell Live @ 7:09 AM EST in Men's K-1, Michal Smolen, Coached by his Dad Rafal Smolen @ 7:21 AM EST in Men's K-1.
After Casey Eichfeld: C1 Slalom, Michal Smolen: Canoe Slalom Athlete & Ricky Powell Qualify For Finals The Schedule is;  
C-1 Mens Finals Begin @ 8:33 AM EST, C-1W Finals Begin @ 9:03 AM EST, K-1 Finals Begin @ 9:33 AM EST.
Team Races are scheduled as follows;  
C-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 11:03 AM EST, 
C-1 Women's Team Races Begin @ 11:46 AM EST,
K-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 12:07 PM EST

Link to Video  Live & Recorded Runs;
*Note; Some Video may have 2 Feeds, Switch between Stream & B by clicking the buttons at the top left  the video window.

anyone looking to go to Bulls Bridge tomorrow?
hey just putting out there does anybody knows squirt boater Dave at deerfield would know his routine? Or have ph#. would like to run the dryway with Dave.
Anyone close to Bulls bridge and wants to run it tonight? I'm here now scouting it but I'm solo.
Reposting: Anyone doing the Hudson Gorge this weekend? :0)
No carnage (or music) today, but an assortment  boats and nice runs, slalom K-1 to open boat. There's good view  series  playboats making the eddy left/ferry right move, dry run by the open boat, and the race boat doing speedy slalom run. Feel free to ID yourselves or any guilty parties can name.
All  this video was shot by Buffy Spencer using Canon D10 waterproof still camera. 
Hi all. I'm new to whitewater kayaking and am looking for used river runner. am 5'2'' and 110lbs. Would prefer package deal if possible. Let me know if have anything available. Thanks!
Looking to sell Mad River 'ME' royalex whitewater Canoe. It's 15' with wood rails that were replaced once. The Boat has; bow & stern vinyl air bags, knee pads, thigh straps and 2 kneeling thwarts. It's beater...but totally ready to paddle. Lost my storage & don't want to store outside. Asking $250. Cheers!
is it easy to do your own (free) shuttle at the west release?
Anyone want to join me on the Fife tomorrow? Release is 800 cfs at 11 am. plan on being at the takeout at 10.
Looks like Bulls Bridge is up to about 1ft on the boater's gauge and still 
rising. Nice level.
Looking for suggestions for paddling trip October 9-12. We were thinking  the Ottawa but most  the campgrounds are closed for the season. Discuss?
First Dryway Runs In Canoe, 1080HD is best.
Thanks for the group add. 

I'm heading up to CT and MA this weekend and was looking to boat somewhere Friday (and maybe Eagle on Saturday). 

Would anyone here be interested in the Ausable chasm on Friday morning if the level stays above 300?  

Any other suggestions on places to go?

Thanks
Met paddler from W.W.A. Luke,  by chance at Ogunquit beach Saturday.
Just heard from the Corps  Engineers at the Townshend and Ball Mountain Dams. As it stands right now, One Day Water Release is scheduled for Saturday, September 26th. As it gets closer, we will hear more details. Considering how dry it has been, guess we should be thankful we have the one day.
can anyone help me transport necky chronic to the gauley from upstate new york? there are beverages in the deal for you.
Bulls tonight?
Heading to Tville now for few hours if anyone would like to join. :)
You'll have to be member  SA to see the video, but this is pretty high carnage on the snake.
As  today... According to the Jamaica State Park's website the Saturday (9/26) West Release has been confirmed. Sunday is still up in the air.
Thanks to Katelyn and Ilya for fun run on Bull's tonight.
Anyone have any idea why the page is stuck on 9/9/15?  This is my bible.... http://www.erh.noaa.gov/nerfc/fcstprecip.shtml
For Sale:  New Bomber Gear Woman's XL Hydrobomb Drytop: bought this new, hoping woman's XL would fit me or my son, but the arms are little short for us. The regular price is $250, but I'll sell it for what paid for it: $100. If interested, I'll be at the Dryway tomorrow.
Some years ago shot hilarious series  photos  Buffy making several attempts to get out  C-2 at the Tohickon release. This video marks the start  her revenge, I'm sure she hopes for something more dramatic in the future. 
Did anyone take pictures at the Dryway on Sunday?
The usual 5:30 Monday rally at the rattlesnake tonight. 700cfs and rising!
Where's the whitewater at?............nowhere close....... #bored #wherestherainat #whatswhitewaterfeellike
If anyone was taking pics at zoar gap the 12th  September let me know, it was my first run. White helmet blue vest black and yellow kayak. Big goofy tall boater.
A little Pemi or Manch park and play tomorrow, anyone?
Anyone going to the mongaup Sunday?
Anyone find set  keys at Dryway sundsy? Subaru key with green carabiner . Most likely at put in if that's where they were lost.
i am currently in the process  planning dirtbag, drive till run out  money trip, this upcoming spring. Does anyone have any recommendations for must visit rivers along the east coast? Any tips for keeping trip going smoothly with as many days on the river as possible?
It has been 3 1/2 years since kayaked the dryway. Thanks Jason Jarvis for shadowing me today for three great runs. It felt great to be back on the water. also learned today what man is willing to do to find his lost keys (Scott Vogel). Hahaha! Peace!!
Second Run Through Tooth
Met fellow  w.w.a. member by chance. Luke at Ogunquit beach on watertech.
Gonna be up camping on Deerfield this weekend. Anyone want to take me for couple laps on the Dryway, Sunday. Saturday I'm just gonna workout on the fife/gap
My liquid logic hoss has 6 1/2 in gash in her front side. Do give up on my darling or is there some sort  boat repair that can be done or someone can pay to save her? Gorilla tape just gets ripped off too much with the kind  stuff paddle/lack  caution. Is it possible to weld some plastic on if have extra kayak plastic laying around or something? Thanks!
Going for my Maiden Voyage on the Dryway in my canoe.....look for spare parts!
Anyone looking for company on the dryway tomorrow? My crew bailed on me and I'd hate to have made this drive for nothing.
Perception Corsica Matrix.  Great condition.  No deep gouges.  No oil canning.  Garage stored.  $200
Anyone running the sacandaga this weekend that wouldn't mind another person tagging along?
has there been dates released for the fall releases?
Didymo found in the Westfield :(

http://www.mass.gov/eea/agencies/dfg/dfw/education-events/masswildlife-news/didymo-announcement.html
Dryway, Saturday? Sunday?   Any thoughts? ..
Let It Rain!!!!!   Anyone Tville Thurs after work.  think we can squeeze in one more, before all the light is gone.
For Sale: 
Necky Chronic  $350
Old Town Pack  $350
Gonzo Slasher Paddle $125
L'eau Vive Bungee/ Lapstrap skirt, XS tube + big cockpit rim. $40
PS Composites Ride- composite playboat-river runner, rare find!

located in Ulster County NY
Boating tmrw if rain delivers.  's in?
Sunday at the Gap; kayaks, canoes, and few tubers for comic relief. The usual assortment  good and bad runs, with massive impromptu rescue practice clinic being held downstream.

Playing at TVille after rolling lesson.....had to apply the low brace roll right away!
Looking to trade or sell my Kokatat Maximus Centurion. got my Ronin Pro stolen during work, so got this through the insurance, but not huge fan  it. Its practically new, been used 20 times tops. In yellow and its M/L. Tactical Pouch included.

Looking for any Astral Rescue V PFD or $195 USD.
Any other offers welcomed.

413-351-5662
MSAdamski@gmail.com

Cheers,
Mark
Spent the morning working with Benjamin Michael Trister learning to roll my canoe.  Thanks so much man.....I know what need to do now, it's just hours  practice.  TVille was even fun at the brutally low level.....surf hole was sticky as well.
anybody going stouting tomorrow?
YAY!!!
Anyone thinking out trying to get out on Friday if it rains enough? For the first time in month have away from the baby and from work and ready to paddle something!
Definitely got up close and personal with the Beaver! ... What fun river.
Anyone know the elevation drop  the Dryway from put in to take out?
A Wolf In Brooke's Clothing, Ted Arzt takes on new hobby and probably Viper.  made for you!
Thursday 12:50 am. It's Raining at Tville !
The rain dances are working! Keep it up! Haha
double flip in Lava ..lands right side up eventually! :)
Hey! Give me all the advice friends....  course this is all water level depending....

a friend  mine and are heading up to VT at the end  the month. We are looking for river to try, his skill level is way beyond mine but hes willing to sacrifice his fun for my gain. hahaha. anyways, we were considering the west. am solid class II paddler with small III experiences. do not have reliable roll so more than likely I'll swim if run into any problems. So far this year ive spent pretty much every weekend at the deerfield and the past 2 weekends at the lehigh for their bigger releases. 

is the west biting off more than can chew? know sections  it are....haha not planning on doing those.
From 11:00 AM tomorrow until 2:00 PM tomorrow, 800 CFS - anyone free?
We've got lots  great trips coming up this season in Nepal... Come and join us, know want to!
http://mailagurung.blogspot.com/2015/07/fixed-departure-dates-for-autumn-2015.html
https://www.facebook.com/andy.stuart.773/media_set?set=a.10100313471018547.1073741830.18605030&type=3&pnref=story
Is 243 cfs to low for the Pemi Play Hole? Looking for some roll practice while up that way on an errand. Txs
A final edit  beaverfest, includes go pro footage  moshier spillway, moshier falls, the raquette and my very slow beater race attempt on the raquette 

I received this email today regarding the west river release. 

Dear Jamaica State Park Camper,

 

As  this writing, this fall’s recreational water release from the Ball Mountain Dam is still tentative.  The release is scheduled for September 26 & 27, however there may not be sufficient water to support full or partial release that weekend.  can visit the U.S. Army Corps  Engineers website for the latest information.

 

The Corps is considering to moving the release to the weekend  October 3 & 4 or October 17 & 18 or possibly canceling it outright this year.  

 

Jamaica State Park is planning to run the vehicle shuttle up the West River Train the originally scheduled weekend  September 26 & 27.   If the release changes to October 3 & 4, the park will be open and there are still  some campsites available however there will not be vehicle shuttle for boaters.   If the release is changed to October 17 & 18, the park will already be closed for the season; the main gate will be closed and no vehicle access or parking will be available inside the park.  

 

If wish to change your reservation for the weekend  September 26 & 27 to different weekend, may do so where and whenever space is available.  If wish to cancel your reservation for the weekend  September 25-27, may do so and receive credit for future use or full refund without penalty.  We ask that contact us by 6 pm September 24 if wish to change or cancel. 

 

Thanks for your consideration.

 

 

 

Rochelle Skinner, Parks Sales & Service Manager
i did the section below the normal zoar gap take out for the first time. was really impressed by the rock play. potentialy for splats, splat wheels and rock spins n such
Anybody have thigh braces for Riot Astro they part with? Looking for friend.
15-21 Old Hartford Avenue, East Granby, CT .  Is that the right address for TVille?  Meeting there tomorrow to try and learn how to roll my OC1 with Ben.
I may be at t ville, late morning. Been almost year since I've been on the water
Selling my small Shiva! Paddled for one season; she's still got lot  life left. Asking $600
Photography is hobby can share with the kids when can't get on the water...

Final addition added from August 12... new album for Fall will be made.

Tag yourself, tag friend...
Braaap or 9r? Currently in tuna which love but is at the end  its life. Thoughts?
Very sad news on the Esopus today. We arrived moments before first responders and saw recovery efforts. Both river right and left channels at the cemetery put-in are blocked by wood. There's small route down the middle by the island. Take care out there everyone. http://m.recordonline.com/article/20150905/NEWS/150909585
Prob camping Friday night at the Dryway and doing my first OC1 and riverboard runs on Saturday.  Riverboarders untite for the last warm chance  the season!  Unless  course the rain brings up other fun stuff!
any cheap inflatable K1's for sale or trade?
Anyone know if White Pond is safe to swim in yet?  Thinking about trying to do some OC1 roll practice tomorrow am.  Chris Rolt? Melanie Rausch?
heading to Tville if anyone is bored. 11ish. been year, should be comical
It looks like the Esopus Creek release might have been cut short after the incident yesterday. It was due to be running through Monday evening but the water hasn't been turned back on as yet. The NY DEC website is down so don't know if they've posted an announcement.
Anyone find pair  NRS size 12 or 13 booties along the take-out road  the Dryway Sunday? $25 reward. drove back up there today but couldn't find them.
Dagger Outburst for Sale. Old school boat in almost new condition (only on the water once or twice). New IR Ratcheting Back-band installed. $400.
I have been out  the game for way too long and need to get back in. When is the moose fest?
Looking for wavesport mobius 65 or project X 64
Someone was taking pictures or video from river level on rock at the Gap on Sunday.  It was my first time on the Deerfield and I'd really like to get one  those pictures if there are any.  was in Red WS Ace, Red Helmet, Red PDF and Long Sleeve White Top.  Thanks
17' Necky looksha sea kayak.  
$500 or best Reasonable offer.

It's an older model but it is in good condition. I'm just selling it to buy recon 93.
It's busy weekend but could make it over to Tville on Sunday from 11:00am till 2:00pm for low level run or park n play if anyone is interested
Anyone interested in hitting Hudson River Gorge tomrrow?
Hey all still have large red jackson rockstar for sale as well as large tunnel 1.7 seals pro rand spray skirt for the boat.  The rockstar and the skirt have only been used few times.  If you're interested hit me up $650 for the boat $100 for the skirt.
Very last minute but can go to the dryway tomorrow but have no buddies organized. Maybe can join up with someone? 

Also, found pair  men's Keen sandal/shoes at the Putin last week. Would like to see them find their owner.
What does stop and shop coupon have to do with whitewater.  Kick out the spammer.
someone goes to the fife this Saturday?
Headed to the Sacandaga, arriving around noon if anyone is also headed out that way.
Watch this creek in Maui go from tranquil to code brown in few seconds:


I was privileged to support this project as guide this summer.  Stay tuned for the release  Serpent  Gold comming soon. #remandojuntos #paddlingwithpurpose #conservamos #realperu #freeflowingmaranon #guidevibes #nrsweb #liquidlogickayaks #Astraldesigns #Outdoorresearch #maranonsinrepresas
Anyone rafting or shredding the Dryway on Sunday?
Just found 4 inch crack in my Jackson Fun. I'm pretty sure it has cross linked polyethylene hull. Any hope that it can be patched? Been reading up on West System G/Flex epoxy.
Does the Black still run every day? If its running next tuesday that would be fun.
I just cancelled great site at Mohawk State Park site 47 get it now or it will be gone. Its right on the river. Booked two sites by accident.
Question: have hard time getting to the surface when flip. am usually fighting the flip and flipping on the back deck. back deck roll would be great for me but still cannot do one. What do do when are deep in the water how do get your body to the surface. Please don't say make sure to tuck because know that. When are on the back deck it is extremely hard to tuck.
is anyone going to the esopus this weekend, that has an inflatable k1 can borrow to take newbie down the river?
Any water flowing down in New Jersey at all?  I'll be down there Saturday during the day and I'll be about 30 minutes from the Rockaway.  Also.  Anyone down there (I know it's long shot cause BeaverFest is this weekend)   would like to show me down?  have beer.
Do any CT locals know if the Rattlesnake section or Bulls Bridge is currently running? Have the day off tomorrow. Looking to get out if anyone else is free.
anyone near milford CT?
Anyone been to this white water park in MD?
I wanna!
Jamaica State Park says they are still releasing 9/26 & 27, but rumors are flying around that they will only be releasing 9/26 due to low levels in the reservoir. Anybody have more details on this? Thanks!
So I've been down south all summer but just recently returned to ct.  may go up and paddle the dryway this weekend if anyone is interested!
Selling 197 bent shaft Werner shogun. Used once!  Asking $300!  It's practically brand new hardly scratch.
Hurricane Season my ass!!!!
For those   ran the Dryway this past Sunday (in case you've not seen it yet). (fast forward to yours and tag your friends so they can see their runs)
still trying to get squirt boat and paddle down to the gauley this season.  or morgantown.  from upstate new york near new paltz/kingston.  you'll be paid in beer or soda pop.  please hook this up if you're heading there!
Looking to sell:
2012 wave sport fuse 56 in fair condition (no dents, no pitons) $350

The fuse is great for downriver play, surfing, cartwheels, and all that stuff old school style play boats do.

I'll be at beaverfest Friday - Monday if anyone wants to look at the boat in person. Until then am based in Plattsburgh NY. Trying to sell it to buy new creeker. 

Reposting since its just the one boat now.
selling Nature's Shapes 5'10" fish shape board.  Almost 3" thick, quality epoxy in the layup, was Becker's board.  5 fin setup,  course can always go quad, tri, bi, or single.  would be good for river surfing as well due to length, thickness, and strength.  $200
BZ Bodyboard for sale, 42 size, red with white bottom.  still in plastic.  $80 or trade for something interesting such as shred ready t-dub helmet.
Still shots  Sage's Dragon's Tooth run.


ICF Freestyle Streaming Live! It's like when everyone is watching March Madness stuff at work, but way, way better!
FOR SALE:  Pyranha Molan - small. Great play boat, one owner, had her for about 5 seasons but rarely used. Excellent condition. I'm crappy play boater so pooling my resources for creeking. Txt me 719-304-1477. I'll be at Beaver releases. $550
Looking to buy creek boat. Similar to one  the following:
Pyranha Burn S (or M)
Dagger Mamba 7.6
Wavesport Recon 70
Jackson Karma S
Waka Tutea
Bliss Stick Mini Mystic
Hey all still have bunch  stuff for sale and willing to make deal.  The Werner Sidekick 197cm paddle and the Werner bent shaft 197 Shogun are available as well and hardly ever used.  Check them out here and hit me up for pics and details.


Looking to paddle in VT on Friday and Sunday! I'll be in the Johnson/Barton area on Saturday for wedding. If anyone around there is getting out I'd love to join.
It only rained in Weare last week, so we snagged run.  1080HD please!
What will be running in NH on Saturday?
Dryway Sunday---and   will be there????
If the thunder don't get the Lightning will! think there's line...
Is there anyone heading to new hampshire or maine area for class2- 3 boating on long weekend ?
Anyone rafting or shredding the dryway this weekend that wouldnt mind Raquel Manley as stowaway. shes Rafted it dozen times now and has all her own gear
PVC inflatable owners. have full can  PVC glue available if anyone wants it. It's good to use until March  2016. I'll be up at the Dryway this weekend, so hit me up if want it.
Is there anywhere local that repairs inflatable?  Not raft but have an inflatable SUP that is leaking at 3 different seams.
some stairway to hell action from earlier this week. bulls bridge just under 2ft on the painted gauge
If any  are interested or already part  this. Here's another great whitewater community run through reddit. 

Hey everyone I'm selling off ton  my outdoor gear including full whitewater setup with jackson rock star.  Check it out here 
http://newjersey.craigslist.org/spo/5198349605.html
And hit me up.
More drama than Kanye's speech at the VMAs tonight ( ? what?)! Tried the Death Slot for the first time today.
If head down to NC, be sure to check out the US national whitewater center! just outside Charlotte..this is the Olympic trials section
Someone stole my Astral LE7 greenjacket and new shred ready Carbon Half Cut helmet today. It was either at the takeout  the fife or someone near farley's ledge climbing. don't expect to get it back but keep your eyes out and make sure everything is always locked up.
Anyone know anything about fall West River release?
Going to learn to weld with the heat gun.  Then figure out how to build river board.
Found at the dryway Putin today, in front  the old factory building. pair  Keen sandals, clipped to something else. Describe the something else and we'll meet up to get them back to you.
Thinking I'm going to make it to T-ville tomorrow.
OK,   is not going to dryway and is headed to t-ville this afternoon - level at 1.4 to 1.5?
Looking for some support on the Dryway, show me the lines or chase my boat. Or maybe someone that wants to workout on the fife and multiple gap runs. Sunday, name time and place.
Andy and plan to be at the Pemi put in at 9:30 am tomorrow morning.
Any recommendations for inflatable kayak that self drains fast, and can take beating?  Thanks.
Looking for the best spray squirt to keep cockpit dry for big water and play boating?  Recommendations?
(My husband has Jitsu.) Thx!
There has been secret election and Jeff Marquis is no longer the Mayor  the dryway...he is now EL' Presidente'. Please treat him with the respect and admiration that he doesn't deserve. 😃😃🍺🍺
What's running Sunday?
What exit is the took put in off 91 n
 's hitting the Dryway this Sunday?
Bulls Bridge is holding steady at about 800cfs and 1.8ft on the boater's gauge. It's sweet level. George's is in. The hydro plant is going to be down for at least few weeks for replacement piping. Get on while can!
I am back in town see the dryways releasing today is this true? Also what days this weekend dose it release
Headed to the Took tomorrow, anyone interested in low water run?
Does anybody have information on Maine releases this weekend? take it that the dead is next weekend and heard that the south branch  the penobscot (Canada falls) is cancelled? So just the west branch (rip gorge) and kennebec are running this weekend?
Looking to trade my dagger green boat for nice creek boat. It's in excellent shape. Basically brand new with the new outfitting. Looking for something in similar condition. Ideally nomad or flying squirl. Let me know if have interest. 

413-923-8017
Anyone know the correct Dead release schedule. H2O line and NPMB are different.
I assume the H2O line pdf schedule is correct.
Thanks,
The snake is at an unusually high 850 cfs!!  Come get some!! will be there at 5:30
Any thoughts on the recon?  The reviews sound like it paddles smooth and stays on track better than my Everest.  Any personal experience?
Dead Release confusion.
Here is the H2O Line Kennebec/Dead PDF calendar
http://www.h2oline.com/…/2015_Kennebec_Dead_River_Release_S…
Here is the NPMB calendar for the Dead
http://www.npmb.com/3/scheduled-releases/
Note they are different.
H20 Line has 5500 release on 9-6 and 3500 release on 9-19
NPMB has 5500 release on 8-30 and 3500 release on 9-12
We have to assume that H20 line is the correct one.
Thoughts....as this will affect travel plans for anyone   is going up.
Does anyone have extra hip pads hanging around? I'm looking for something removable and adjustable, such as old Wave Sport style.
Been while. 1080HD it for old times sake.
sounds like there is an official 3pm bulls lap with people meeting bit earlier at the take out. I'll be doing fast lap before then, also be tryng to pull  small log out  staircase so hanging out around the put in by around noon today.
selling my pyranha speeder if know anyone looking for one
Watching an interview with the boyfriend  the reporter killed yesterday. He said she was an avid whitewater kayaker   often paddled the Nantahala. She and he rafted it last week. Sad ending.
FOUND paddle on the NB PCat yesterday with the name Heidi on it and the number.  tried calling the number but no response.  Message me and describe the paddle so can get it back to you.  May have been there since the October release?
The Ayers Island dam - Pemi at Bristol - will be releasing this weekend.
Saturday: 1000 cfs from 10am - 3
Sunday: if enough inflow will be the same otherwise cfs/hours may have to be cut back . Will post when known.

Enjoy!
Is there Mongap Release Saturday Sept 12th?
Gig in Madison NH Saturday night, which think is near Cold Brook and Bearcamp.  Anything runnable up there right now so can paddle Sat or Sun?
can anyone transport squirt boat and paddle with them up to beaverfest?  could meet at exit 19/kingston along the nys thruway.
Does anyone have shredder, two person shredder, duo or small raft could borrow for beaver fest? will generously compensate anyone with their choice  food (home made), beer, money or combination
Backcountry.com just put all the paddling stuff on sale. Boats, PFDs, Drysuits/tops (even Kokatat Gore-tex) ... up to 30% off!
Need thigh hooks for wavesport XXX
Knightville is 900 anyone around to get on it?
My son and got in great run on the lower WBW this afternoon. Great fluid run. actually borrowed solo canoe (nitro) and Cain ripped it up in the scud. Good times!!!🚣
Westbranch  the Westfield is running.
Our love for the takeout!

Oh the takeout,

Home  safety meetings, bootie beers, dirtbags and brown claw cheers. 

The place where friends are met, shuttle is set, boats are stashed and bootie beers are smashed. 

Don't let these places we love get trashed!!!

So think for moment, before  throw it, that can won't dissapear. Go Pick up some trash, and watch out for glass, it's foots biggest fear.  

And to  ever stashed 3 full beers+ empties by the river, please contact me for return info,  will trade them back for 3 non skunked beers
Necky Chronic for sale, great shape $350. Ulster County NY
New Wave Vulcan for sale, good shape, cut low for 140-150, size 10s maximum.  Older but with many, many miles and years left in it.  PM ME if interested, thanks.
For sale: 2009 jackson VillianS.  500$ normal wear.
Woooo!
Hey guys!! was at the dryway Saturday and think left my green long sleeve neoprene NRS top. It was inside out so it looked black. Did anyone happen to grab it? Went back to look today but no luck 😔 let me know!! Thanks so much!!
Kyra flirting with Dragon's Tooth, 2013
Thanks Orlando for photographing!
  knows what/where this is in VT?
Mongaup Sunday. Take out @ 10:45
Great day on the Magalloway. Thanks to Penobscot peeps Ron, Rodney, Deidre, and Rich. And then some rafters   followed for second run...awesome river.
Heading to Fife, Zoar picnic takeout at 11am today (Sun 8/23)
Anyone interested in shredding the Dryway tmrw?? Still got bum arm but can shred....just need partner!! Maybe beginner/intermediate paddler looking to maybe step up to the Dryway?? Be nice (and safe) to see the river before running it in hardboat.....
Headed to the Magalloway area tomorrow with hopes  finding someone to paddle either the Andro or Mag...if are in the area, let me know. Or if know someone headed that way tomorrow, let me know. Either way, should be nice drive.
Dunbar Brooke
I think left blue NRS dry top at the dryway takeout at river fest. Anyone find it???
Planning to paddle on Sunday, thinking about either Satan's Kingdom/Tville runs or the Merrimack (open to other suggestions within reasonable day driving distance). Which will give the best bang for the buck for couple  solid II+ paddlers? 
On related note,  anyone want to paddle with us and help with shuttle?
pemi play wave sunday
Is the Dryway still releasing tomorrow??
You may know someone   needs the information on the website below:
Ok All Can we say DryWay Saturday . Ok !!!!!!!!
Anyone have raft spot for Dryway tomorrow (Friday)?
Dryway Friday!!! Sorry for short notice! Rafting The Dryway today with couple friends, and we have space for more. If or friends want in....be at the dam by 11. have sweet raft and know my way around that river. 🍻
Anyone running dryway Friday?
Another video shot by Buffy Spencer back in the 90's, this one features high water run  the West Branch  the Deerfield in Oct.  1995. Unlike the other recent videos this isn't carnage compilation, but does contain fair bit  drama. The description on Vimeo has many more details about the run.

Butch Mixon is that at 3:58?
Selling Snap Dragon reinforced EXP spray skirt. Used once and in mint condition. Tube size large. XL cockpit. Asking $60. Located in Charlemont.
Rain 😊
YESSSS
Anyone missing percussion whitewater kayak?


Looked into the specs  my old jackson super hero today. Its crazy how old the site from 2005 looks now. Check out the old site on the way-back-machine 
Rattlesnake section  the Housatonic today at 5pm. We do laps so show up whenever can and get in on the next one. Rally at the put in.
Magalloway on Sunday? What's the beta for the scheduled release level?
Dry Tops for sale $100.00 each.  need to clear out my closet.
NRS (XL) and Bomber Gear (L).  Both in good condition.  Always used 303 on the gaskets.

I live in Southern VT and can bring to the Dryway or T'ville (If someone will paddle with me there... I've never paddled t'ville).
Anyone interested in trading 2Fun for Fun Funner 60 (kayak)?

I have 2013 Fun Runner 60, its great boat if like river running with little play

 bought it new in March 2015 and its in good condition

I am 5'10 138 lbs and it fits perfectly

As my paddling experience has grown this season realize want more fun and less runner
Still trying to sell Project 62 and an Axiom 9.0.  can bring either/ both to The Forks this weekend.  Both are in good shape. Send me msg for pictures or more info.
 's in
Anyone have Thule Gutter Foot Pack kit to sell or trade??  I'm looking for the LOW height set for square bars.

I have set  Thule Stackers in great shape id trade.
Also...anyone selling decent "big boy" playboat for under $300?  6'1" about 230ish.... Northwest CT...can meet at the Dryway...or T-Ville...
Selling Wavesport Fuse 56. Its in great shape, has scratches but nothing real deep and no dents. Outfitting is like new. I'd like $500 but will consider respectable offers. Will post pictures  the boat soon.

I'll be at Beaverfest 9/4-9/7 and on the Black/Moose 8/28-8/30 with the boat but would like to sell it asap. just really need the $$ to put towards new creeker.
Need paddling partner this Sunday/Monday? could go just about anywhere in New England...name your place...
I lost my grey pfd yesterday at the t-ville parking lot.  Anyone happen to find it?  Going back today to look.  😞
Sam Southgate doing the Pat Keller move
does anyone have junk playboat they are tossing out. Time for riverboard project.
Anyone boating tomorrow?
Going to learn to weld with the heat gun.  Then figure out how to build river board.
Any photographers on the Dryway on Saturday? was in an old school purple and blue creeker if anyone got some shots. Thx in advance.
A bunch  great stuff for sale: 

PS Composites Ride for sale, 5/6 tough and lightweight layup, cut anywhere from 130-200 pounds, depending on what want to do with it (don't go creeking in this boat, but yes, do run the Upper Gauley in it, or just take it out and surf Tville).  Killer sparkly graphics, in excellent shape.  New this boat would cost about 2400.  If are interested in the boat, including the price, SEND ME MESSAGE!! I'm not talking about price  trades for this boat in an open forum.  got tired  people not reading the ad and just asking how much, and would trade for this or take less money, etc...sorry...just email me if are interested in this rare boat, once go glass, it's hard to go back.

Also for sale,  prices included:

Gonzo Slasher paddle.  Big, woody, and in good shape.  Not light, but won't break.  Good for creeking or slalom.  classic stick.  $125?

Nature's Shapes 5'10" Fish surfboard.  This was one  Becker's personal boards.  5 Fin setup (all can be removed), just under 3" thick (great for river surfing) and also made with hi-end epoxy (also good for rocks).  $200

Sunset 6'8" single fin fun/egg shape.  In good condition, $75

BZ bodyboard, 42, never used, still in plastic.  Red.  $80

L'eau Vive sprayskirt, NEW, size xs tube.  Great for older boats in the INazone and EZ era, regarding cockpit rim size.  Bungee rand, lapstrap for extra safety.  $40d

I will add more stuff tonight or tomorrow.  need $$.  All gear is located in New York's Shawangunk Mtns, aka Gunks.  Thanks!
I have free pass for the Dryway on Saturday. could kayak, raft or riverboard (would have to borrow riverboard, sold them all time ago). Jeffrey Marquis??
My buddy lost pair  size 12 Fila sneakers on Fife today. He had the shoes in the boat and flipped. Thought they were tied in, but apparently not. He flipped in the section after Miami Beach before the bottom  the rapid before the river comes back together again. If find them and don't have size 12 feet (they were pretty nice), please contact me with PM.
For sale/trade:  Riot Boogie Surf Kayak.  Very good/excellent shape.  Green.  Asking $450.

I'd be interested in trading for wildwater k1 to fit 170lb paddler or maybe the right playboat.  Located in Old Town, ME.
Hey all!

I wanted to put my feelers out there for boat. I've been paddling playboats few times year for 3ish years now and would consider myself to be low end intermediate paddler. I'm hoping to find something that can surf with but also run rivers like the west at ball brook dam in vt. I'm 5'11" and 165lbs. If anyone's got package deal that'd be awesome. Advice is welcomed. On college budget. Thanks!

Also! I'm in the granby area until Tuesday - ish then moving back up to dover nh area. Not lot  time know but any recommendations for nh whitewater blogs would be helpful as well!
A great day on the Dryway Saturday.  Thanks to all for making it so much fun
FYI, there is pretty large birch limb just below split hair in the area  rocks near Judy's. It was the cause  swim yesterday
Is this rain gonna bring anything up?
Is anyone going to be at t-ville on Sunday?
Anyone paddling Fife tomorrow?
Anyone have experience with Bomber Gear? Considering drysuit...
The bull is running at 1ft
I just heard weather report that predicts 1-2 inches  rain tomorrow. Somethings gotta come up.
So   is paddling the Dryway this Sat??
WTB: PFD $115 or less range - size S/M
Will be at Dryway this weekend
I have 2 sixteen foot expedition type sea kayaks that need good home. would like to sell both together. One is well loved but still in fine shape Perception Chinook. Not sure on age. The other is hardly used Perception Carolina about 10 years old. $450 takes them both. I'm in Western Mass
For Sale: Liquid Logic Space Cadet - $150 obo. Still in good shape, has the normal wear and tear but no oil-canning or leaks. Moving, need to sell in the next week or two. In North Conway, NH area but could arrange to meet somewhere.
Might go to tville tonight. Anyone else planning on it?
any body in the CT area getting out today? have visual that Georges hole on the housatonic and the rattlesnale section are good to go, no water is being diverted at bulls so the  le run is doable. i'd be up for t-ville too
Fluid Detox medium

Make an offer

got this new last weekend at Riverfest but don't love it

Boated in it twice, very good condition

Its "creekboat that surfs"

I live close to the  Zoar gap takeout
A buddy  mine is selling this boat on craigslist.  Jeffrey Marquis this would be perfect for you!

http://newlondon.craigslist.org/spo/5163346935.html
Tville tomorrow ( Wednesday) sbout 5:30?
Looking for some Float Bags someone wants to sell or part with located within drive from Southern Maine.  Outfitting two kayaks, one for me and friend.

Willing to work with leaky bags.
JAMAICA STATE PARK INFO
White Water Release at Jamaica State Park
September 26-27, 2015
Whitewater is tentatively scheduled for Saturday and Sunday September 26 and 27. Shuttle times and prices will remain the same.
This year there is added uncertainty because there is construction project at the Ball Mountain Dam which is adding hydro turbine- this requires the water level to be held to winter pool levels. The project is about month behind schedule meaning that they probably can't start raising water levels until September 1. It needs to come up 30 feet for the two day release. It has been unusually dry so far in the West River watershed which may not help. The ACOE is considering moving the release to later date if there isn't enough water to do it on the scheduled date. But they won't know any  this until early to mid September.
If plan to paddle Sunday, be sure to extend your camping reservations for an additional day. Thanks!
Jamaica State Park is the center  activity for the West River whitewater event each September as the US Army Corps  Engineers releases water from its Ball Mountain Dam. The controlled water releases produce ideal rafting, kayaking and canoeing opportunities on the West River in southern Vermont. The release is usually held on the fourth Saturday in September.
These events draw whitewater enthusiasts from around the northeast as kayakers, canoeists and river rafters all join in the fun  paddling the class II to class IV rapids. Thousands  people come to the park to watch the action on the West River and hike along the 3 mile long former rail bed hiking trail that gently winds up the steep valley.
Concessionaires stationed at the park’s day parking area vend food, equipment and gear. Jamaica State Park provides shuttle service up the West River Rail trail from the day parking area to the Cobb Brook bridge. Shuttles operate as needed 8:30 am-3:30 pm on Saturday and 8:30 am - 3:00pm on Sunday for fee.
Entry to the park is just $3.00 per adult and $2.00 per child and is collected at the park entrance. Camping space at Jamaica State Park fills quickly in advance for event weekends, so book your stay now.
Shuttles run from 8:30 am - 3:30 pm on Saturday and 8:30 am - 3:00 pm on Sunday. Fees are $15 single ride or $25/day pass.
* Please note that due to water levels and extending the release period over two days, there is possibility that the release might be as short as five hours each day.
Oh man... Seeing all the posts from everybody going up to Maine.. and I'm stuck here in super drought California.. *sighs* At least I'll be running on the South Fork  the American.. It's no Kennebec at 8,000, but it's still fun!
looking for kids ww boat for my 8yo. anyone have something cheap?
Dryway still releasing the 21st and 22nd?
Narragansett beach is playing movies on the beach every Wed night at 8pm
I need some new webbing for my ratchet strap that busted. Anyone know where to get new webbing with grommet? Or the  le piece cheap? Bliss stick gave me one free before they shut down but busted the other one already. $28 seems steep. And only need the webbing, ratchet plastic still fine.
Selling Riot Booster 55. Boat is in good condition and complete inside. Asking $200. Located in Charlemont, MA.
Rumor has it that the West release has been cancelled because  work on the dam. Bob Nasdor do have any info on this? The other rumor is that Riverdrivers will not be shuttling to the Dead put in next year. Too much DOT regulations for them.
Just another day at the Gap- kayaks, couple  canoes, plus few assorted root like vegetables.

Selling my Dagger Kingpin 6.2.  Playboat that is rated for paddlers 100-180 pounds, but am 160 fully loaded and find myself wanting more displacement, so think paddler weight  around 120 would be more suitable.  $200 in Andover MA, can try before buy.

http://blog.coloradokayak.com/2009/04/dagger-kingpin-series-whitewater-kayak-review/
Anybody doing any easy boating in northwest CT today? know they're low, but Satan's or T-Ville laps? 

just too pretty to sit inside...
LET IT RAIN!,,,,,,
Wanted:  Liquid Logic Hoss.  live in Southern Vermont, near the West River.  Does anyone have Liquid Logic Hoss they'd like to sell?
the rattle snake section  the housatonic is still pretty fun. guess they don't divert any  the flow once it goes below certain level. good alternative to t-ville
Thanks to those wannabe tubers Jeffrey Marquis and Bob Malinowski for great day on the water. Does this mean are also the mayor  fife Jeff??
Looking for fun race and good food? 
OK so it's close to Wed.  Time for thread.  Dryway Sunday???  's going to go out to play??
ARE MISSING YOUR RED/BLACK TYPE V RESCUE PFD????

We accidentally packed it away this afternoon at the Dryway takeout....looks incredibly similar to Connor's PFD. Let me know and be prepared to answer some questions about its make & model. wanna make sure it gets back to its rightful owner.

Sorry this happened...careless error on our part....
Snake is low but runable. I'll be there today. Anyone want to join?
Hey, let's practice our rolls.
Very unique whitewater kayak?


Dryway Sat or Sun?
Anyone planning on going to the Mongaup on Saturday?
do people still meet up at t-ville wednesdays even if its low?  regained my itch to late in the season.
The latest installment  "Old School Carnage", this time set on the Bottom Moose. Kayaks, canoes, C-1s, stand up IKs, and the occasional raft are featured, start things off with markedly bad run  Shureform in C-1.  As mentioned in the Vimeo description none  the mishaps resulted in serious injury.

Cleaning out the basement sale… 

Island Waveski Fish $360.00

If love to kayak and live near the ocean this is your toy.  Paddles like whitewater kayak but surfs like surfboard.  Island Waveski shaped this to my order.  It’s their standard fish, shorter and bit wider, super fun on small and medium sized waves.  Perfect for the beach breaks that we have in Maine.  Doesn’t slide down the wave like WW boat, but rather carves and bottom turns like surfboard.  Floats me (6 ft, 185 lbs) and paddles flat water more like short board than kayak, but on the wave it’s plenty fast.  The waist strap works well for rolling the ski and it’s very easy to release if need to swim.  

Fun toy, but just don’t get to the ocean enough to justify keeping it.  ß

Here’s clip  someone on waveski for visual.      

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcIqmxj0jXk

Condition:

The ski did get good ding when failed and bonked the nose into the sand, going over the falls.  repaired the ding so that it was watertight but not pretty.  It is good to go surfing, but someone with bit more patience and skill could make the repair much better.  

Location:

Boat is located on Rowe Hill Rd. in Greenwood, ME… next town south  Bethel. 

Contact:

Email: jeff@mahoosuctimberframe.com 
Phone: 207-890-5304
Headed to Tville after work today 6:00-7:00 pm as my meeting wraps up I'll have better details.
Sweet!  all have an awesome local play spot at tville...especially when some dude by the name  David Silk shows up and throws down in shallow hole!
Hi all! Seeking cheap paddle, 194-196 cm. let me know if have any leads!!
I'll be in the Adirondacks next week for few days. Up in the Keene valley area. Hoping to hit the ausable chasm, couple other park n hucks upstream  the chasm too. Or other stuff in the area off chance  big rain. Probably Thursday- Saturday
Angst for sale. Boat is small. Cut for 105 lbs. would be great for child or woman looking to explore squirt boating. The boat is solid with typical scratches. Cool green into purple fade metal flake. Price is negotiable and trades welcome.
Hi All...

A while ago someone posted well made video  what seemed to be first(ish) descent  brooke called Thorne Brook in Northwest CT near the Hog Back Reservoir.  It seldom comes up...has wood...and eventually serves as the spillway for the reservoir.  It is just cool looking place. It eventually dumps into the Farmington River about mile and half above Riverton.  Anyone one know where this video is posted on line?   Thanks for your help!
Shout out to anybody wanting to mess around tville...I'm in the area from WI, popped on her today, yes low, but had great time surfin, squirtin etc....prolly be there rest  week working out...met Sollie Hirsch there today, was an excellent host!
Out on the river this weekend.  Here is video  some  the fun!!

I know it's only Monday.   But.....already thinking  next weekend.   How about Dryway for Sunday????
Saw this and thought somebody might be interested since it looks to be in good shape:  
Hey acquaintances and strangers. We are headed down the Dryway tomorrow in double ducky and would appreciate picking up the pieces after Dragon's Tooth. There is takeout beer in it for you.
Hay are we boating Sunday on the Dryway . WoHoooooo
Wave Sport Mutant for sale. If interested, make me an offer.
Folks heading up to Maine, would anyone have an extra paddle that could borrow?  Mine is in bad shape, don't trust it.  The shorter the better 191 or 194 ish.  Thanks!
Anyone from CT heading up to Maine on Thursday to do the Dead/Kennebec interested in sharing ride? I'll be leaving from New Haven early afternoon.
Getcher funk on with Brooke Sofferman
(Brooke at the 2 min mark)
Does anyone have an old drytop or splash top (small/medium) they'd be willing to loan me for few days for trip to Maine? Got to send mine off for gasket repairs. Thanks
Just PSA for everyone. The cops at the dryway are cracking down on parking in no parking spots. got towed on Sunday from the spots at the put in. Ended up costing 150$ and lot  time to get it back. Thanks to everyone   helped get it back while was oblivious on the river/ at the takeout
It was great meeting all  at Smooth Ledge today.

Becky and Dave
Harpers Ferry, WV
I have women's medium Bombergear shorty drytop for sale. $40. It's got front and side dry pocket. Arm gaskets are good but the neck gasket needs replacement. This is very comfy jacket but don't wear them anymore. Let me know if you're interested.
Tville today around 12:30pm
Headed to park and play at Tville starting at around 5 if anyone is around. 👍
 's up for Dryway Race Sunday @ Noon?
Ended up with limited time, hit the Tooth for quick 45-min shooting session and was lucky enough to see these fist runs - keep going to about the 45s mark and you'll find nice example  Rodeo Hole :) Paddle-on fine folks, paddle-on. (unedited 'cuz need new computer!)
Anyone going to T'ville tomorrow?  Thinking to head up there in the afternoon.
t-ville round 2:30ish
Jim Michaud giving me life lessons on the dryway in 2010
Tville ,Thursday  at  5.00 at the park,   's  in?  It'll be low ,but the  le run is doable.
Bad weld
Final leg  the Maine Whitewater Championship is this weekend on the Penobscot!  Come join us! https://www.facebook.com/events/1497455173879006/
Tville today? Probably 1230ish
Chasm tommorow?
Anyone planning to go to the Nob race this weekend?
I noticed that the Mongaup has been releasing all week, up to 900cfs. Must be the need to run all the air conditioners. Anyone know   to call to verify that they will be releasing on given day, or do just assume they will on hot day?
Watertech Easy Waveski in excellent condition.  This is high performance Waveski with adjustable foot loops and seat belt, quick release, seat cushion and thruster fin set up.  Some minor epoxy fixes done professionally at surf shop, but this thing is sick!  just picked up surf boarding with my daughter, and would prefer to spend time with her on the boards, so I'm  letting it go.  Have everything?  Not this thing!  Requires good balance, but when it's on wave, it takes off like mothah.  Brand new, it would cost $1200 after shipping and duty from Portugal.  I'm asking what paid $700.  In Maynard, MA.
Ausable 
New wave squirt boat for sale $100. Been stored inside and shows little use. Will need outfitting redone. may have skirt for it but will need to find and locate in my basement. live in Agawam MA. Send me message if interested
I know that this is long shot but does anyone have rudder to an old broken sea kayak that they don't want?  want one for boat am building.
Anyone going to Tville tonight or tomorrow after 5:30?
Anyone paddling tomorrow or Tuesday?  Thinking Bulls if there's enough rain or t-ville
Anyone wanna do the chasm on Thursday?
Anyone   will be in the Bristol/Pemi Playhole area this weekend, I'm playing Fri and Sat night from 8-11pm at http://www.thepurplepit.com.  First night with an organ trio  soul, blues and funk, and Saturday night with guitar trio  mine including SOT Sean  Riverfest fame.  will be hanging at the playhole literally 1/2 mile down the road Friday afternoon and all day Saturday.  If intend on coming to the shows, highly recommend getting tickets in advance.
Boston dropped the Olympic  bid
Rare Wavedog 200cm wood bent shaft zero offset creek paddle.  This thing is built like brick craphouse, with metal reinforced edges, and truck bed linerish covering over the wood blades.  Some wear on the edges, but this thing could take anything NE creek could dish out. $150 in Maynard, MA.
Werner Desperado Kayak Paddle for sale. 191 cm small shaft for easier grip. Carbon Fiber reinforced injection molded blades.

Paddle retails for $180. Paddle has been used twice and is excellent condition. Asking $100.
Still have Piranha varun (Medium), and small dancer for sale if anyone is interested. Make an offer.  If they don't go in the next couple weeks they will be donated to local kayak club. 860-922-3623
So I'm staying with friends in Old Lyme, CT. Is there anything surf-wise or creeking in the vicinity that people are hitting up tomorrow.
David Horgan  Home made river board (Pemi 1500cfs July 25, 2015)  
Kyra ran the upper Yough yesterday and today, her first trip here. Apparently, she has new favorite river (mine too!)
Ayer Island (Pemi at Bristol) will be releasing this weekend, Saturday and Sunday, July 25-26
1000 cfs from 10am - 3pm is expected both days.

Great summer paddle and picnic spot. Enjoy!
Anyone from CT going to the Penobscot race next weekend?  Looking for someone to drive up with to cut the gas cost.
I'm looking for sprayskirt advice for slalom boats...

Soon will have (thanks to Justin Crannell for finding it) Fluid Donsa which is plastic boat. sprayskirt will be required and would like it to fit both plastic and regular whateverthey'remadefromnow AKA fibreglass boats well, too. (Just in case get even more nostalgic!) There are various styles, bungee, o-ring, rand, etc, on the market but I'm not sure which would fit both plastic and glass boats best.

Any ideas? Thanks in advance!
4 Divas!
Boats for sale:
EZG 42, good condition, $250
Torrent SOT comes with paddle. Very stable, good condition. $200
Also have Thule 50" crossbars and old-style stackers, free
Break apart long (210 cm?) recreational paddle, free
Riverside car top kayak carrier, $20
See Robin at River Divas booth at Deerfield River Fest or reply here
Personal first decent - Rapid River, Maine 07/18/2015 
Random cute paddling thing
I'm thinking  running the Mongaup on Sunday. It's one barrel release which haven't done but I'm told it's fun level. Anyone want to join me?
Thinking Tville at 5pm. Anyone want to join? Otherwise doing Satan's.
Anyone know  anyone selling freeride 57?
I recently burned DVD from an old VHS tape  video shot by Buffy  many acts  whitewater carnage. then converted it to digital file and started to do some editing. Given the equipment used to shoot can probably guess the quality. There are lot  different rivers- Bottom Moose, Gauley, West, W. Branch Deerfield, Millers, L. Ashuelot, and this, the Deerfield Dryway. If there's demand can edit and post some addition rivers from back then.

Anybody have use for pair  dancers?
T-ville coming back into the good range (though didn't think it rained) be there around noon
Hey everyone, we're getting fired up for an awesome weekend on the Penobscot August 1. We have ton  super rad prizes lined up and most  them will be given out raffle style. Join us for great time https://www.facebook.com/events/1497455173879006/
I heard rumor there is 6-7 minute video  the Dragon's Tooth with Jeff and going through it, the other orange Duo (Adam & Can) and many others.  I've looked around but can't find it.  Can anyone point me to it?  Thanks!
Life throws in different directions, then tunnel vision sets in. Spring thaw hit when was in my final weeks  university. The draw  rising water levels was too great to resist. The last rapid in this video is called "Tunnel Vision," adeptly named from it's termination in an ominous tunnel. After Hurricane Irene, this rapid is in it's fourth iteration since Earl Alderson's first descent in the 1980's(?) - Check out this classic New England river
Planning to go to Satans kingdom tomorrow to introduce my brother to whitewater.  Probably 3:30 but not sure  the time yet.
Anyone see any womens tevas at the dryway takeout? may have been left there last weekend
Casey Eichfeld and Devin McEwan making top 10 best images from around the world! Couple awesome dudes looking mostly awesome, Casey looks like he got little more  face shot than he expected.
Looking at tville today about 5:30 if anyone's interested.
Anyone have prijon fly they wanna get rid of?
Winni release in August? Anyone know what weekend if so?
Anyone selling waveski?  Got buddy   wants one.
For sale: liquidlogic Trigger. Great starter boat for small person. $200 or BO.
Just to let all  know if are paddling on the Deerfield this weekend, July 25 - 26, It is the Yankee Doodle Days and the Charlemont 250th parade.  Rt 2 will be closed for the parade between 10:30 am and noon on Saturday the 25th.  The parade starts in the fields west  Zoar and goes to the Charlemont fairgrounds.
anyone have confirming info on Canada Falls for this Saturday?
Does anyone have contact for the Little in MA anymore?  Bet that's running.
Selling Dagger Axiom 9.0 and Wavesport Project 62.  Will be at the dryway this weekend.  PM me if are interested in buying or trying
I am going to fix paddle with fiberglass.  It has crack but doesn't appear to be weak.  I'm not sure if should use cloth or just resin.  Anyone done this before?  It will be stronger with cloth but don't want to change the way it reacts to the water (by changing the thickness and shape).
Anybody planning on rafting the Dryway this weekend that would have an extra seat or two on your raft??  There's case  your favorite beer in it for if ya do!!
Monday night club is goin out tonight, meet at Clarke outdoors at 5:40. Probably hanging at swifts for while
Anybody boating today? Baker valley, upper p, maybe cold...  Wells is holy sheet 2400.... Wonder if joes and nb winooski are in?
For sale
Bliss stick smoothy....like new...dark blueish black with white accents...amazing outfitting...
$350 or best
Fun time at Tville and many thanks to Jahn for letting us surf his board and pulling us into the hole!
Gig on Sunday Sept 6th in Tiverton, RI.  Any good surf breaks or whitewater nearby?
Want to try something new?  I'm selling Blue and white IK by Custom Inflatables. Top notch IK for just about anything up to Class V creeking. Air floor and self bailing. Has multiple tie downs, thigh straps and adjustable footrest. Very good condition, only one patch. Sells new for over $1,200, asking $650 or b/o. Check out their website for more information. http://tseeker.com/
Interested in selling my yellow option. $800, 1 and 1/2 seasons  use, generation 3. no cracks no oil canning. scratches for sure, lots  life left in it.
Tville.  We are truly blest to have this natural whitewater park for ourselves.  Fun time last night.  Thanks Dana.  Looking to go Sunday morn around.
T-ville today? Do some splats and surfs
Lost Mitchell canoe paddle on the Deerfield between Zoar Gap and the shunpike, actual location was just above the confluence with the Cold. About 63" carbon fiber curved blade, yellow tape with my name and phone number on it. Many thanks to anyone   finds it.
I know there are usually people at the Dryway whenever it is running, but just wanting to make sure there will be people tomorrow.... 's going to the Dryway?
Looking to revive the Housatonic canoe and kayak squad in some form.  If anyone has any interest or experience in setting up kayak team/club let me or Jeff Hammond know.
Here's little pump up/primer for folks running the Ausable this weekend!  This is repost  the edit put together  our trip from last year.
July 11 Revolution Dryway Run with Glenn Stewart. Joined the Dryway swim team at the tooth!
Ausable Chasm this Saturday with Adam, Danny, Sollie, and Chris. Come join us! It's beautiful paddle
Does anyone know what time Zoar Gap typically has water going through it on weekend release day? Hoping might be able to get few laps in on Saturday afternoon.
Does the Dryway release Sunday?  The Zoar website says yes but the King  New York website has note saying the Dryway will not release this weekend.  Just wanted to confirm before drive.
Anyone getting out Saturday?
Greetings, Where-the-WWat-ers! Consider heading to the Black River Festival this weekend (7/18) where there will be Whitewater King  New York race at.

Check out this video from Werner Paddles where King Geoff Calhoun tells where the  le series  creek racing is at.

#whitewaterismagic #kingofnewyorktraining
I think Saturday morning will be good time to remove the van seat at Tville.  's in and what time works for you?
Great photos from Patrick Rogers on the Dryway on the 5th  July 2015! 
A few tense moments, but it seems everyone ended up ok!  Got the last  my photos processed and can be seen on my website.  
Also c
Got question. What rivers/ creeks that are in the class 2 to 3 range that is near NOC and would be great for beginner to intermediate class.  It's going to be in July  if it helps any.
Picked up BeavR-2 cataraft today.  few observations:  22" main tubes and raised 16" crosstubes.  Floor is 12" above the bottom  the main tubes which should allow the boat to go through bigger holes with less resistance.  11' 10" oblong main tube with fairly flat tops and bottoms.  Should help boat sit higher in the water.  Two pedestals with double thigh straps centered on the long tubes.  Secures to the boat just like canoe and doesn't require sit side saddle. Width is 6'1". Floor can now be used to carry gear with six D-rings.  Two mesh bags attached to crosstubes for throw bag, etc.  Will provide detailed review  how it handles after Sat run.
Big boof

 little boof
I have some yucko virus so trying out the BeavR2 in the living room
2 Free C2's for pickup: They both are in Central NJ. I'm about 10 minutes out  the way for anyone traveling between the northeast and the south.
Watch out for dem rocks.
The GA butt boater that parked his camper and trailer at the Tellico ledges takeout/middle putin, are an inconsiderate Ass
Anybody want to paddle the ledges tomorrow? Should be enough parking!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=740886422678674&substory_index=0&id=281415741959080
One more view.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1706914359526805&id=1651547995063442
What are the options for floatation on Octane 92's?  Obviously Fall Lines kick ass, but I'm broke from the boat.  Other options and size ideas?
The past few years it seems that an elitist level has developed due to advancments in boat, accessories and safety gear. Unfortunately, boaters  lower skill levels are being forced to stick to easier runs because the 'Elitist' are keeping their groups tight and not wanting to paddle easier runs with less experienced boaters.  Now don't get me wrong, completely understand that wouldn't take class III boater down the Green for example.  However, it used to be that experienced boaters would be willing to paddle with lesser to help bring up the sport and strengthen ties between all levels.  Now I'm talking about actually helping them on the river, not just running shuttle with them.  I've noticed lately that Canoe Clubs still keep this old school mentality alive and present but there's not too much outside  these groups.  NOW NEVER SAID ALL BOATERS ARE LIKE THIS but it is enough to be noticed by the other abilities.  Open your door to others and it will make better boater along with them.  Obviously as your ability increases so does your chances to run harder rivers or creeks but how can one become class 4 boater if no one is willing to help them increase their personel potential.  Yes, they could go pay for instruction, but then wouldn't know if that person could handle the stress  serious rescue.  am by no means calling anybody out, all want is for the Paddling community to help each other.  And whatever happened to waving if see fellow boater?  Our lifestyle is one  kind and is growing every day by leaps and bounds.  Teach class, go to roll session and just help.  We all sat in boat for the first time and wondered what's this all about.  Somebody, somewhere took under their wing at some point didn't they?

With that being said we are lucky being single bladers.  can't say I've met an oc or cboater that is true ass.  Glad to be one  y'all.
Tell me sumthin bout used up parking space......
Safety break approved.
48" Gaia everlast bag, holds air like champ $50,   needs it ?
The top  the West Fork Tuck.
American Whitewater Fatal Accident Summary 
July-December 2015

This has been quiet year for whitewater accidents, and the last 6 months have been especially so. From July to December 2015 there were only 3 Kayak, 1 Canoe, and  6 rafting deaths reported to American Whitewater. That count included 3 heart attacks, which are not, strictly speaking, river related. The yearly total, 34, was one  the lowest reported since 1993. This was probably due to unusually low water in the West and normal flows in the East. swims. was relieved that the December high water in the Southeast passed without any casualties. Here's summary. Please message me if I've missed any fatalities. 

Date/State/Victim/Boat/River/Section/Dif/Cause

2015-12-18/TN/Eric Bush/Kayak/Nolichucky River /Poplar N.C. to Noli Gorge CG/IV/Long Swim

2015-12-02/Ecuador/Taylor Hunt/Kayak/Sardinas Grandes River//V/Long Swim

2015-11-05/India/Beth Hume/Kayak/Umngi river//V/Undercut Rock

2015-09-05/NY/Jordyn Engler/Tube/Esopus Creek /Allaben Portal to Phoenicia /III/Strainer

2015-08-15/OR/Brayden Biggs/Raft/North Fork Rogue /Takilma Gorge /IV/Long Swim

2015-08-02/MT/Shane Dearden/Raft/Clark Fork /Alberton Put In to Fish Creek /III/Long Swim

2015-07-26/PA/Tim Meyers/Raft/Youghiogheny / Lower /II/Heart Attack

2015-07-21/WA/Jeffrey Standish/C-Raft/White Salmon /BZ Corner to Buck Creek /III/Heart Attack

2015-07-10/NJ/Doris Rake, Kathryn Haney/Kayak/Delaware River/Bulls Island near Stockton, NJ /I/No PFD's

2015-07-03/CO/Daniel Cheong/C-Raft/Clear Creek /Rigor Mortis to Golden /IV/Long Swim

2015-07-02/TN/Ken Worthington/Canoe/Mid Prong Lit Pigeon, (Greenbrier) / Porter's Cr. Conf to Hwy 73 /IV/Heart Attack
Hi Louie -- can find your letter about butt boater parking here:
http://nubiaq.wikispaces.com/Louie's+Courtesy+Rant
STEVE
Watauga River Guy Ford Access Update
01-04-16

As many  know, we have closed on the Guy Ford Tract II property which will provide long term access to the Watauga River at Guy Ford. The purchase is complete and this property is now owned by Watauga County. In the coming year will work with county officials and other stakeholders to develop sustainable plan to create usable park and river access area.

Thank so much to everyone   donated.

It is also not too late to donate. will use any remaining privately raised funds to leverage the dollars needed for development. If use this area, think your name should be on the list.

Sorry in advance for flooding FB with this, just spreading the word.
A good day on the Little River yesterday (it was also Matt's comeback trip)
Ai yai yai! Will it never end?
Section 0 Chattooga. didn't take many photos as the day started little rough and we ended up little rushed for time. Took wrong turn and the trip was starting to look like the beginning  Deliverance, ended up on some four wheel drive trail that kept getting rougher and rougher, and had to turn around. When we finally made it back to the river we made our way pretty quick. Luckily the rest  the day was great. Water level was perfect at 470 cfs (for me anyhow). Saw two hikers and zero other boaters all day. There is log in the bottom  Bull Pen falls. There was one other log in some small ledge. Other than that everything was pretty clear.
This is perfect example  the difference between POV and real footage. The POV add lot to the footage shot from the bank, but it alone conveys little  the true picture  what is going on.
Great day on section 0. Sorry for the crap quality video - had bunch  water on the lens.
Octane 92 NYD Run On The Winni, watch in 1080HD if possible.


Shawn Malone
If order from the Mohawk Store and use the Code Gdi   will get free shipping.       
Encore-Zephyr comparison, if anyone ever wondered.......
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day 2016 had great energy! We had 14 racers and many spectators come out and enjoy the event. Alex O and Jusbyn L got to share the Old English 800 for finishing in last place. Special Thanks to Chad and Sam for sacrificing Go Fast times to rescue fellow pinned racer. Huge Thanks to all the sponsors this year! Your donations along with contributions from attendees will go long way in making 2017 an even better event. #immersonresearch #unclelems #casualpintfountaincity #waldrensridgewhitewater #jackson #whitewaterofthesouthernappalachians #shockerzhandlepaddles

PS If anyone is out paddling Daddy's Creek stop at the beach, river right immediately above the canyon, and see if can find Ashley Paquëtte's journal.
Boat ridin' tomorrow?
OC1 and 2ing the Octane 92
Heading out for South Holston, VA tomorrow. Class II run. Anyone  se interested pm or text me. could be talked into something else class II-III if anyone has suggestion. 336. 749, 599tree.
Anyone paddling north ga or close to north ga tomorrow. friend and might do warwoman,flat shoals, or section 0
I have Uber-shuttle set up to boat Chestatee near Dahlonega, GA tomorrow.  am planning on doing Damascus Church Road to Grindle Bridge.  Anyone is welcome to join me.
pumps with no skirt.
Tellico Mob Squad today. Tag away...
On the hunt for Taureau near E. TN or WNC if anyone has one to unload.
Upper upper hooch today. Steve brock, trey cambern, Michael mccurdy, alfonso, and Randy paddled?
BIG water on the dries.
There is one day left in the year, but let's go ahead and see how many PFD's folks got.  Any true OC1/C1 first D's in 2015?
Headed to tellico for huckfest.     is going to be up there
Anybody boating WV next week? Can get there Thursday morning
Diggin these new spectra bags from @falllinecanoes 

Damn fine job homie!
Anyone headed to Tellico tomorrow?
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day --- Let's do this!


Still open for 1 D open boat
the clymb has been trying to get rid  these for while now. the price just dropped again. looks like decent drysuit for $300. 


What's good to run tomorrow and  's gong to be there?
Tremont at 12 if anyone wants join
Little tomorrow round noonish
LRC accident report anywhere?
Last run  the year.
Hey gdi'ers I'm looking for campground centrally located in the whitewater area  the southeast preferable with full hook ups and can accommodate me for 3 to 4 weeks. Any help would be appreciated.
Tallulah gorge is at almost 6000 CFS.
I like the two tone look
Ok she has work to do on the cross bow
Damnit no pic to post
 in deadwood
So finally got myself out doing something with Uber-shuttle.  My local Uber guy came by with trailer and transported me and craft w/gear to my put-in, not vladimar.
Go Blow Gay Pro's on sale 75% off in Mexico they can't get rid  them
Looks like an OCA, despite the description... 
Heads up everyone!
Green Narrows  Viper 12
Big Creek (ocoee) 12ish? any other takers?
I just ran Bear for the first time in 11 years. It was 14" this morning. Michael Bruce Lewis, Ted Hayes is back boating lot. Im going to try to run Suck Creek with him late tomorrow afternoon
Anyone interested,in an Ocoee lap before the bottom falls out  the sky?    Dustin Welch and are going in little bit
So in lieu  trip to Utah because non boaters suck, want to head down to the Knoxville/Asheville area to check it out in the beginning  January. Anyone feel like taking Yankee under their wing and showing her around and maybe lending couch?
I know this canoe related but, flying the new Droid for 10 mins was well worth the hour and half it took to get it out  the tree.
Looks little retentive.
Wildcat Creek in north Georgia. Fair amount  wood. Couple  fun drops though. Anybody else ran this one?
Anyone hitting Island or Little Clear today? Reckon they'll still be good?
Scooter is there sumthin want to tell us?
Where are paddling today?
Aiming to get out on the amicalola tomorrow now that it's dropped out just fuzz. Hopefully holds at 2' anybody interested in firing it up tomorrow? Gotta raft that I'm R1ing unless somebody wants to jump in with me.
  knows about Mossy Creek?
Couple pictures from Wildcat Creek Georgia today.
judging by all  the footage that have watched on fb tonight, there was Much Beatering had so far on this rain event….and more to come.
Be safe out there…and not just during the "breaks"
Some fun rapids on Big Banana
anyone boating in Lumpkin County tomorrow?
Try this one on for size....what winter!
Anyone hitting anything today? Smokies?
Vanagon Rabbitt. surfing it Up on Xmas Day`
The Baby is brewing. The western side  the NC mountains westward to the Tellico River have been sending the recent deluge from the sky toward our wonderful little town. The views  the river are beautiful and inspire awe. When enjoying the wonder  nature we as everyone to be respectful  the awe. Brenda Thomas Harris posted this short but terrific video. Live life to the fullest while giving credence to the awe.
Anybody want to try Doublecamp today?
When in 1994 and 1995 people were bitch about how the upper Ocoee was bein ruined by the building  the Olympic course, slam dunk was bein changed and they were pourin concrete everywhere, we told them "wait nuthun that is being done to it is going to last for ever. ain't sayin this is the one where it reverts back, but this one will contribute to the time when another event like this will undo all the work  man to that section  river
Mexican open cane
Fred Davis Yi and have both run this drop but neither time did it was it this high
  is running what today?
A friend took this; "The Screaming Meanies" 12/25/15
ATL folks...I bet there was enough rain to get Fulton County Bear going.  Or maybe Wehadkee Creek at the mill.  Here's some footage  me and Huck Buck getting Bear few years ago.
Seriously, what are the thoughts on paddling tomorrow? That's not blown up anyway. Anything in the Smokies? Or Island Creek? Can we even get to that one this time  year?
And so it begins. Remember if the rain caused the rivers and creeks to wash out the road bed ( something designed to stay put) can guess what there are doin to their Rapids. That trick move where brush up agin that horrible under cut or skirt by that dead sieve may have changed. Please take the correct  precautions.......get buttboater to run it first.
Barring rainfall extremes overnight, the Little is my plan for tomorrow afternoon. backup : Tremont or........
Bear Creek,Al  usually runs around 200-300 cfs the gauge just went offline as it hit 5'000 cfs. its getting to look like this one is going into the record books.
Merry Christmas everyone! Stay safe out there!
Where y'all boating today?
When Mike Whalen did it at 20,000 it looked lot like this. Damn that THP asshole was pissed
Merry X-mas from Waterfall Canoes!
Cars are floating down the Cartecay River
This ain't Mexico
Anyone paddling Saturday?
Merry Christmas GDI from the President and First Lady. May live long and prosper.
The Wookscat/LateStart fundraiser put another $200 in the coffers.  If need last minute gift, give some $$ for permanent access to the Watauga.
This is suck creek in Chattanooga and with the level  open in that area this needs to be ALF wish list river
Lookin thru old footage. Here is good example  how not to run The Sinks on the Little River.
Canoe till your black and blue!
Has anyone tried fit an octane on the new Yakima Jaylow rack system?
  was that's now making sexy bulkhead saddles?
Peep this..

A little bonus for some extras on job Ryan Glasser and myself just finished..

Needs bit  love but overall it's good and floats.
The stoke is high.
NOT MY BOAT: 
As we were finishing our day the  brown wall came down the dries from that random spot near the bottom  the run.

Does anyone know if it is pressure relief valve on the penstock tunnel or surge tank?
Getting vertical in Mexico
What's going on lately with the Pigeon Dries?. Is all the water at Waterville coming through there or some coming through the powerhouse? And is anyone going tomorrow?
So,  we boating tomorrow?
Truck with boat just seen goin into Missippissi.headin SW and goin fast
MILLBROOK DEFIANT up for sale $1500 
Once again my friend bill is selling one  his mint condition boats . Last week he sold his mint condition 91 octane  . Blue factory outfitted reinforced Hull , Gaia bags paddle less then 10 times on the nanty.  MINT CONDITION. pm me if your interested and will pass his number to . Lives close to NOC and willing to meet at the Ocoee if needed.
  goin where? Wilson, Watauga, Tellico seems to be it.
Truck with boat just seen goin into Missippissi.headin SW and goin fast
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day UPDATE:


Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day.  Please read and respond!


SOLD!
So think may have pulled couple OC1 first Ds on 12/3/15. First being Upper Hurricane creek, two kayaks and my oc1, for first D for all boats. From there into Hurricane creek... This first D was taken few years back by Adam Goshorn, Matthew Taylor Jones, and few others(maybe guys could help me confirm this) all in kayaks. From what understand many  the rapids where clogged with trees on this run, and some portaging was done. member  the original party and on my run cut out Hurricane after the original first D. This allowed us to run every rapid, all were pretty tight with plenty  hazard, I'd give it solid class 4 for micro creeking. Anyways believe was the first open boater to make these runs, any info would be  appreciated.
I'll have Demo fleet  these at SRS "Southern Raft Supply" for the winter. They are located in Asheville off the French Broad river. Hit Justyn up. They also have any piece  gear can think of. 

https://www.facebook.com/canoeandkayak/posts/10153928632597873
What does the stick gauge at highway 321 need to read to run Ramsay- trailhead to porters confluence?
The first visual online gauge!  http://www.whitewatervogs.com/
Anyone boatin tomorrow?
5 gen Option for sale - aluminum mold
Found that one! Seriously funny. But careful... it has tits in it.

Is 225 too heavy for Dagger Ocoee?
$900. Somebody needs this boat.
Raining hard in Lenoir City
Here is code to get 10% off  go to the Mohawk Store and use the code GDI.
 
Sometimes feel like am the only person in the world that wants to put trees in the river to make railsides...just say'n 
I feel so alone
Fun from this past year.  Enjoy
These black Fall Line bags are going to look damn good in my green boat. Thanks Shawn!!!
Whitewater in Lenoir City
This happened way back in pre-ALF days
Some more cascades
Last Gauley run this year
So...  ran what today? What looks good Sunday?
My favorite run but little on the lower side.  Tell what, I'm beating up on my ZapPaddle and it's barely even scratched.  I'd be shopping for new paddle about this time. Everyone already knows how good Fall Lines goodies are.  Enjoy my local Manky fun
Look past the boat and focus on the Japanese creek
Photos from my Glory Days, 1990 and 1993 think...both at Bull Sluice...
Anyone know if the Ocoee will run tomorrow?
Santa is an open boater. And lefty.
I need new skirt for my Atom.  My old one was by Moutain surf and want an identical replacement.

Can any Canadians get in touch with them?  sent couple emails that no one responded to.
Stay tuned will be posting pictures  new octane 91 with new bomber bags soon .Helping friend out with the sale . Been padded half way down the nanty only . Calhoun GA
Anyone ever heard  Northstar or north wood, fiberglass canoe manufacture out  Illinois?

Buying this boat today because it's in good shape for fiberglass boat. Just wondering if it is good boat design. The likes look good on it.
Seen in coworker's office.
Just gonna toss this out here I'll be driving from Nc to Nh and back next week with rack space if any one needs ride for boat .
Ocoee? Tellico?
Your thoughts, please on Octane 85 vs. Option, as creekers, players, river runners. Seems to me the O-85 is equal in all respects but most paddlers are choosing Options. How come?
Adam pulled your post? Fred is still stand up guy
Chattooga IV tomorrow anyone?
ISO old wooden canoe paddles. If anyone has any they would like to get rid  please let me know.  Thank you.
Making the most  another 60 degree day, this time on the Watauga
Off tomorrow.  Let's go boating!
Some gdi approved levels on the cascades
Just word  warning. There was truck parked on River Road at the Tellico yesterday that was hanging over the line.  Please make sure that pull all the way off the road.  That road is pretty narrow and we do not need to complicate things more by having cars and trucks sticking out into the road.  Makes it ripe for complaints from the locals about us having good time on the river.
Would be nice to have one more experienced paddler join us for Noli Friday. know the river well, but my friend   was going to help me show two others down may not be coming now.
HACKS, Housatonic area canoe and kayak squad
Anyone want to shoot for some upper nanty laps tomorrow? Been running for week now, so chances are still good.
I can make it to ALF again this year.  :)
Only three days  paddling but it's better than nothing.
Can't wait to paddle with guys.
Just finished my gunwales!
One less Ion in North America. It's last Boof was Sock em Dog, its next will be....?
What would the value  Grumman aluminum canoe in good condition be?  have friend considering selling one
Looking for used Delta.  know it is long shot, but in never hurts to ask.
Thanks!
South Sauty with Jerrod Jones, Matt Todhunter, and Noah Taylor.
anybody know  good shape Pyranha Spanish Fly's that might be on the market? Super Fly and Quake also good.
I've got day off tomorrow and don't mind driving, what's still running and   wants to get on something?
Anybody headed from or near Abingdon, Va toward Raleigh or the triangle that could give C-1 saddle ride?
I'm preparing to do some custom outfitting to my wife's Option and my Prelude. Adding foam sidewalls to the Prelude and expanding the existing ones on the Option. I've seen others add foam in all kinds  places and am thinking about that. I'd like to add as much as is practical to displace water and make the boats easier to roll. Is there point at which it's too much? Or is there danger  getting trapped in the boat in pin situation if  it's too tight in the cockpit? Aside from closed cell foam, I've considered adding extra floatation. Perhaps small kayak bags under the shins to also serve as ankle blocks. Anyone ever tried anything like this or have any good ideas? Shawn Alexander? Bob Britt? Matt Todhunter?
Clark if think Tellico was crazy yesterday, wait till today. Ga. Buttboaters galore.
Anyone want to go bump down Big Laurel? It's at -3"
I have the ID# for the like green flying squirrel 95 that was stolen from Blairsville, GA 12/2/15 - Lps00006k415
Still not recovered - please keep an eye out! Thanks everyone!
This morning swam, then SUGYS.
Anyone paddling tomorrow
C1 boatin injury
Anyone boating tellico tomorrow?  I'll be up there around 11-12
WNC class 3+ tomorrow? Big laurel? Pigeon? Others?
In case did not know, Noah Taylor is the king  the "Fader Boof"... If have not seen it yet, will soon... 
He's Killing It!
LRC tomorrow anyone?
Island Creek Wood Report:
So today, Tyler Lowe and ELFed into Island Creek to look for friends paddle and to cut some wood. We discovered that lot  water rolled through that gorge last week during all the rain. 
There was log blocking the entrance to Compound Fracture last week. The high water has sent it toward the right bank. With regular flows, the log can be missed by going around the left side with no issues. 
There was also some wood above the ledge rapid at the cave. It's still there but has shifted lot which opened channel up. We also cut several trees on river right to further open up right channel. However, there's still log that will affect entering this rapid. 
Further upstream, there was tree down at the top  river wide ledge on the series  slides. The tree was blocking the main tongue  the drop which is preferred to punch the hole. We cut this tree out so its no longer factor. 
The remainder  the run is fairly clean and open now. However, there are some trees along the banks in places that extend into the water but are easily avoidable. There's few trees also that are easily duckable too. lot  wood shifted around and there's huge pile  debris on the Island near the end. However, it appears both sides  the island is clear. Keep yours eyes open next time you're in there but it appears to be back in descent condition compared to while back.
Picked up an Austin Crane paddle yesterday.  The craftsmanship is beautiful and can't wait to give it try.
Whats the plan?
Damn love this river just wish it was closer to Veracruz
Lookin thru videos and thought this was pretty good. ALF Race.
Off all weekend!  Where is the boat riding going down???
NEW GEAR! Long Sleeve DRI-Fits and they are only $18 today only!!!!!

#shopsmall #Flashsale
Tomorrow may step into yet another level  desperato boating arrangements.  will likely do "UberShuttle" for my very local Chestatee. UberShuttle boat and all.
Name these spots on the Tellico....
Only in Alabama. This is shame
Piney River is good minimum and holding.
Any thoughts on Caney Fork gorge suitability for open boats at current levels (1350 CFS)?
Probly the most beautiful takeout I've ever seen.
If go to our Store and order, use the coupon code why the hell not and receive 10% off your order.   
If you're on the Tellico late this Saturday, come to our annual Candlelight Walk in the old downtown.  We will have food, Santa, the Grinch, and our famous Cookie Caper, where can buy cookies by the pound.  Look for me at the Grinch's cave.
Anyone want to guess which barge these measurements were taken from?
Any takers for Tellico tomorrow
does anyone have an opinion as to whether Crab Orchard will hold thru Saturday?
Come ride the Roosters Tail..... Richard Guin !
Rear entry
Tremont 10am.
That's your Baby Falls from this afternoon..... she will be sweet tomorrow afternoon and through the weekend think.
Tremont today anyone?
We now have store on our web site. Still have some work to do. It is getting there slowly but surly. Go check it out and let me know what think.  
STOLEN KAYAK!! Lime green flying squirrel 95 - please keep look out, bought new and still in great condition. Stolen from Blairsville, GA.
does anyone have plans to run middle Tellico this weekend?  think it will hold until Saturday?
well, I'm jealous  all the posts about how much paddling guys are doing in the south... but up here we can justify having having one  these.  Yeah, it's got heated seats too!
The Stikine section  the Pigeon looks good to go.
If any Knoxville folks need paddling after party, come out to Preservation Pub tonight.
Tellico 10 feet and Obed is at 48000 and both still rising
Lower White Takeout @ 8:30
Looking for cheap oc-1. Can anyone help me out ?
Some  the best handcrafted paddles on the market! Made by c-boater and can hold up on the river but, pretty enough may want to hang on the wall!
Tellico at 6 feet and going up foot an hour. Obed at 37000 and going up 4000 an hour
Just reminder about Daddy's Creek...The Devil's Breakfast Table takeout will be closed this weekend to boaters Dec 3-6 (Thurs-Sun) for deer hunt in Catoosa Wildlife Management Area. Don't pull Louie and get yourself and all your friends fine:)
She rolls like dream!
Greenbrier holding at 1.9
Big Creek Via Will Butler. The top  the surge was at 2.5, and the bottom was around 2.1
For Sale:  Prijon Release C-1 very used but HTP plastic, Wave Sport ZG 54 C-1 in very good shape with primo outfitting, empty Riot Astro 54 empty ready for c-1 conversion in great shape, small oil can.  Make me an offer, located in seattle and will help ship via am track, or DHL, by help mean wrap it and pay for shipping.
Greenbrier 1.9; it only rained 10th  an inch overnight. Rain is on the way right now, but it takes about six hours for the rain to get from Charlie's bunion down to gauge. There's no way big creek is running this morning, but it probably will this afternoon
Anybody down for caseCades or Tellico tomorrow morning
Does anyone have cheap C1 for sale? Looking for an older/beater boat that would make good first C1. paddle would be plus as well.
Here's some more Dries footage.
I finally got to sneak up and check out Upper Big Creek. I'd like to get back on this gem at higher level, but we certainly had good time out there. 

Blackfly Canoes - Fall Line Canoes - ZapPaddles
Any other 9-5'ers feel like the rain is always just few days late? :)
Tellico tomorrow anyone?
This rain might do it. Good chance Tellico will be run able till late spring
Greenbrier back on the rise. 2' at dark.
Cleaning off my GoPro, found couple random Pigeon Dries clips from when Judd and snuck out there at between 1100 and 1200. Kind  wet in canoe at this level
The hydropower industry is pushing legislation that is bad news for whitewater, and we expect House vote this week. If it goes through, great paddling opportunities like the Cheoah and Tallulah Rivers will never happen. Follow this link to contact your representative today!
I have quite few boats for sale, both canoes and kayaks that would make good C1s
Just word  caution for Island Creek....a lot  wood was cut earlier this year and left to wash away to finish clearing the stream. Be on the lookout for those logs to be in new places. My hope is that they are now in the Emory. Just keep an eye out if anyone runs it today.
Greenbrier: 2ft
ALF wish list for the Canadians in 2016
Richard
Austin Crane's wooden paddle is one  the best have ever used. Cuts through the water like none have ever seen. don't know what he is using for the finish but it was so slick and smooth felt for sure would have to take some sand and rough it up, no need to do it. My hand didn't slip once and it has good amount  flex without felling sloppy and not shoulder issues after hard day  paddling. If get chance to try one out should.
All the welding is done on old red. We've pulled the saddle out  the Quad A's and done maintenance on the pumps. Marcos needs to Re work the wood gunnels and cross thwarts, put it all together and might even get test float out  it before it goes to it's New Mexican home. used to be jealous   Paul Fantettie having boats in two states now will have them in two countries
Here's some Rebel water....and little Yankee.
Made some edits for first time. Here's some "Yankee" water.
Just want to say that the Black Friday trip on the dries was one great time. Shuttle work out with the least possible amount  driving. Strong group despite the number  swims and good time all the way around.
Anybody have any tips for patching this airbag leak? The outer nylon layer is not punctured but seems to have separated from the inner layer.  Any advice is appreciated!!
Zoomie again
There is some hope out there now....
Ya know it is old and we have all seen it but somethings need to be repeated
Just in case anyone is close to the Ocoee, it's defiantly been running the last few days at 1,000 or 1,100 be my best guess. Someone also said the upper was low flow but did not drive up. Pretty close to normal flow coming out  the gate. Word is till Tuesday the 1st. Put in at rails takeout at raft takeout is good.
Did OCA's have this decal in the middle or on the rear?
Anyone whitewatering Sunday?
Il y quelques temps dans le Jura : 
Golder Goldstein and Chick
This shit is funny. Go read the comments from about March up till current. Corran bailed on Kickstarter project, and is trying to pass the blame to the company he sold out to. bunch  people that paid big bucks for SUP are getting the shaft. Sounds like it isn't all his fault, but good cautionary tale for if are thinking about donating to Kickstarter campaign.


Rich Moore didn't really save this as grand climax to today collection  Swims by the Ashville Guys and Gal it just worked out that way. It will be in Deadwood and SA
Rich Moore
Alex Vargas
Boofin together
Zoomie
Out  curiosity,   is gonna try bumping down the pigeon dries tomorrow? Running around 350 right now.
open boat
Dooley Tombras havin watched all your line today.....from behind you, and having filmed everyone else from in front  them can say had the best lines. However in as much as could barley keep in sight and damn sure can't prove had the best lines.
Justin
Matt Todhunter
Jeff Richards & Dooley Tombras
This is Trevor. Trevor got into an Octane 91 and rolled it with C to C........ First try. Did mention it was his first time stepping foot into c boat? think he's found his true calling.
anyone own bomber brand gauley drysuit? does the inseam zip cause problems when you're kneeling on saddle in OC? in particular the woman's gauley?
Still planning on Chattooga tomorrow.  Hope to see some  yall there.  10 am at 76 bridge.
Any comparisons or general thoughts on the difficulty for what the Dries at current levels?  Also, any decent way  gauging / guessing flow, short  being at the bridge already ? (Are they still generating ?)
Thanks for any info or amusingly snide remarks...
When's Ain't Louie this year?
A quick clip from the Pigeon Dries last week with Keith Clark. Level was somewhere around 450-500 CFS. The water channelizes nicely at these lower flows and Nowhere To Land was the most exciting drop in my book. Special thanks to Vince Zappia for letting me try out one  his beautiful ZapPaddle creations.

Blackfly Canoes - Fall Line Canoes - ZapPaddles
Anybody have any plans to paddle over the holidays in or near  Blacksburg VA. Trying to decide if should bring my boat.
Dries holding very well
Black Friday run, Caracy Chill Run, New Year Day Little River, ALF Race what other traditional runs do people do?
Hey Guys,  
Just finished video  my OC1 season so far.  :)  
Enjoy.  :) 


HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Get free shipping on all gear mailed in the lower 48 FRIDAY ONLY!!!! CODE: FSF2015

NEW Products launch Friday! Shop now at: http://www.relisedesigns.com/shop/

MORE DEALS MONDAY! THE BEST DEALS FOR RETURNING CUSTOMERS!! (you can't find it this cheap at the outfitters!)

#whitewater #OC #canoe #paddling #dirtbag #camping #gearjunkie
Texas Falls in Vermont. had to roll between drops 2 and 3 it was scary was trying to push myself off the wall upside down with my paddle so could roll up but my paddle kept diving into the under cut room  doom. Finally got some leverage and pushed off and rolled up. Plugged the swamped boat off the final falls. Went over the handle bars and kind  fell out  the outfitting. Swam around for bit then stood up got my shit.
New fan tail spoons. Austin If start building paddles am sure wouldn't block me from page like another paddle builder did would you?
Charli Kerns healed enough to for the dries on Friday? Get someone else to drive.
Anyone interested in the dries  the pig  friday  Love too get some carpool action happening
Pump Battery and Charger. Both new, lightly used. $25

Located in Greenville, SC but am often in Asheville and boat all over the Southeast.
Edgar and crew have made it easy. We just add little each.  Let's make showing to help assure access to river lot  us use and love!

I gave $100 - seems both to me like lot and also not much for river love. I'm sure even $25 (or less) would make difference), especially since get the feeling part  it is that it'd be nice having bunch paddlers listed on the donors list.
Daddy's Creek Go Fast Day 

http://boatertalk.com/forum/BoaterTalk/1052531196

#ImmersionResearch #UncleLemsOutfitters #WhitewaterOfTheSouthernAppalachians #WaldensRidgeWhitewater #ShockerzHandPaddles #PaddleSkins
Wow!
A terrible trend in the boating world. Kayakers just don't seem to eddy out like trout. Instead like logs. Please help me educate them
Section IV on black Friday????
Has anybody tried this on plastic?
Guy Ford River Access Fund Update

For those   haven't heard. We are buying the Watauga Gorge Put In. 

Wow. So far we have raised $10,000 as  11-24-15. We are about halfway to our goal.  This project IS GOING TO HAPPEN. few  us are ready to step in and donate thousands if necessary, but it seems much more appropriate for everyone to contribute bit, together securing long term access to the river and protecting the environment seems worth it.

So far about 70 people have donated. We have donations from Alaska, Alabama, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Colorado, and Illinois. Several paddling clubs are also considering large donations. 

American Whitewater is planning $5,000 donation as well, pending approval  the board. Mark Singleton and Kevin Colburn have been instrumental in this process from the beginning. 
Thank to everyone   has donated. 

If have not donated yet, please take the time to do so. know several folks   just haven’t had time yet. It would be great to have the majority  the purchase money before the Dec 1st County Commissioners meeting to finalize the purchase. However, we will likely close in January, so still have bit  time to donate if cant get it done before the 1st. 

Take minute to contact 1-2 friends. Many  us likely need prompt so we don’t forget. It would be great to see few more names from the High Country on the donors list.

The Blue Ridge Conservancy is graciously donating their staff’s time to send thank letters and tax credit information to donors, so we are keeping 100%  the donations, which is fantastic. 

Let me know if have any questions. 

DONATE ONLINE
Donate Online on the Blue Ridge Conservancy’s website. The direct link is below. If access the main site scroll down to the Watauga Rive Access tab. Donations are tax deductible.
 http://blueridgeconservancy.org/help-blue-ridge-conservancy-secure-access-to-the-watauga-river/

MAILING CHECK
Blue Ridge Conservancy
Guy Ford River Access Project (Eric Hiegl)
PO Box 568
Boone, NC 28607
Hey all dirtbags & adventure seekers look what's up for pre order...
Order at www.relisedesigns.com/shop/ before Dec 4!!!

Get them for everyone in all colors, shapes, sizes...kids & Tall folks like Trey Cambern ;-) Only the Highest quality for my OC buddies!

Ps- More sweatshirts to come!!!
#shopsmall #handdrawn #paddle #hike #climb #mountainbike #kayak #raft #fish #art #blackfriday Chota Canoe Club Blackfly Canoes Dirt Bag Paddlers GDI Whitewater Porn
Anyone boatin today?
What paddles do use? And for what reason? lot  shaft flex or not?
Great day on the Tallulah. Big thanks to Stephen Rayfield for showing me some  the lines. Here is Steve at Oceana making it look easy.
Anybody have an affordable suggestion for getting boat from Vancouver to Toronto?
How many OC1's have fired this up. Vortex.
If'n you're up Craig County way should check out this Virginia gem!
What seems to work best as drysuit zipper lubricant ? use bees wax but it doesn't seem to last very long. Is there similar product for the gaskets.
I know it isn't even thanksgiving yet but is it really to early to start ALF wish list? know Daddy's Creek and Cane creek at fall creek falls  were two that have been tellin the visitors they need to get on and got done last year. This year hope we could get Big at the Ocoee, the Dries and Upper North.  course the best run ever. Upper Santellia
I just joined the group. This is probably long post for Facebook group but here goes. I've been paddling for little over thirty years. paddled C1 and OC 1 in the early years but switched to K1 about eight years ago due to some knee issues. But now in my golden years hear the open boats calling to me. don't know if the knees will take it, but I'd like to try. Seems like open boats have changed drastically since paddled one and I've got ton  questions. know all about the Royalex fiasco but don't know thing about the new plastic boats. They all seem to have the bulkhead thing. always did my own outfitting and was big fan  double thigh straps. never cared for the Perception saddles, which is what the bulkheads look like to me. Always felt it kept my knees too close together. Also, at 6'2, 225 what would be good boat for river running and little creeking? Like said, I'm pretty clueless as to 21st century open boats. Any and all help would be appreciated.
Lynch's Wrench
Can get an ocoee visual?
Hey, Ronnie Rimmer. Remember this guy?
Here is some information on new feature for the Splash Canoe for kids and the Bulldog canoe for OC-1 paddlers. 


Lot  open boats on Tellico today
This boat started out on the car on the right. Normally when boat comes off the car it's the car behind that gets the boat through the windshield bow and stern painters are always good idea
I'm not in the south but wanna know what everyone is running these next couple days? just curious.
Michael or Keith, any info?
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1252527511439406&id=123430757682426
Anyone got Starburst 4 sale?
Louie showed his beater for the day nominee... Here's mine
Got question, just got in wreck that totaled my car. Sooooo, what are some opinions on the best ones for boaters? Thanks!
Working on the boat ride. Let everyone know later if possible, but bring 5 bucks anyway.  Know for sure in the morning.
Action on the Moose River NY
Anyone want to Tellico tomorrow?
Omega, Bear Creek @ 11-inches.  Notice more than half the flow disappearing into the sieve on the left (just out  frame) at the end  the rapid.
Does anyone make longer version  the hand paddles that would work in pinch in canoe?
Just reminder, Catoosa WMA is closed Nov 19-22 so don't attempt the Daddy's Creek takeout or you'll get fined.
Tellico is over 4 feet, just sayin
South sauty run 2moro if anybody wants to join
I need boat transported from 4 Lauber Rd.
Akron, PA 17501 to Reynoldsville PA.   can help brother out? can get some cash or karma, just let me know. can get it from Reynoldsville to my house via buddy  mine that drives big rig. Thank my Brothers & Sisters  the Single Blade
Any open boaters in Mexico 11/20-11/28???
Watauga River Access at Guy Ford Road
As many  know, the parking area to access the Watauga River at Guy Ford Road is privately owned. This means we could lose access at any time. We have been working to purchase the 2.3 acre property on the downstream river left side  Guy Ford for about 2 years. This is about to come to fruition, securing permanent public access to the river. 

This site provides put-in to the Watauga Gorge section  the river below Guy Ford Road, as well as take-out point for Section 3.  In addition, this property will provide river access for fishing, swimming, picnicking, and other activities for residents and visitors alike.

A bit about the process
The property owner has signed contract to sell the property.

The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and the Watauga County Tourism Development Authority (TDA) have approved large donations toward this purchase, covering over 70%  the costs associated with the purchase and initial development  the property. 

The Blue Ridge Conservancy plans to purchase this property and transfer ownership to Watauga County.

The NC Wildlife Resources Commission has pledged to assist with the development and supervision.

The remaining monies for this purchase will be raised through private donations. We need to raise approximately $20,000. This is where come in! If value the protection  our natural resources, and everyone’s rights to access valuable outdoor resources like the Watauga River, please consider making donation. Any amount will help. All funds raised will be used to support access and conservation in the Watauga River Basin. 

Please feel free to call, text, email, or message me with any questions.

Edgar Peck
peckel@appstate.edu

DONATE ONLINE
Donate Online on the Blue Ridge Conservancy’s website. The direct link is below. If access the main site scroll down to the Watauga River Access tab. Donations are tax deductible.

http://blueridgeconservancy.org/help-blue-ridge-conservancy-secure-access-to-the-watauga-river/

MAILING CHECK
Guy Ford River Access Project (Eric Hiegl)
Blue Ridge Conservancy
PO Box 568
Boone, NC 28607
Philip Prince lets go!  be careful  siphons though!
Anyone from the Swannanoa, GA area going to be at Talullah this weekend? need to get paddle back to Vince Zappia.
Anyone headed to asheville coming up? have yaker's paddle he left in my car that needs to get back to him.
Is anyone from the RDU area headed to Tallulah this weekend? need to get paddle from Allen Freeman. Thanks!
Anyone coming from PA area to Tahlula? Need L'edge transported
Is anyone from Chatty coming to Tallulah this weekend? Trying to get boat transported, will exchange for some good WNC beer

Thanks!
NOT MY BOAT: 
The Bell Ocoee: possibly the worst whitewater hull ever made. Discuss.
Rich Moore glad got on the dries, too bad the male boof sister said it was too low to have any fun.
Things that keep from boating
I have created new FACEBOOK page called The Tellico Blue Way to promote the addition  put in and take outs along the river for all forms  water sport and angling recreation. We have had committee  volunteers and community leaders from the city  Tellico Plains,  Monroe County the state  Tennessee, TWRA,  the Forest Service working behind for several years developing plan for family and even friendly access to this amazing river and river gorge that has many faces and personalities and is loved by so many people. Our goal is to make the river  more accessible for recreation while addressing property owners concerns. Please take look at this page for future announcements about Blue Way expansion and hopefully Scenic River status. Afterward, LIKE and share the page if will. Thanks
A big shout out to Vince Zappia and ZapPaddles for the use  all  those handcrafted paddles yesterday on Tahlula. It was nice seeing them handed to the openboaters just as they were starting their journey down the stairs. It looked like ancient warriors being armed to battle giants.
Thank you
Wade Harrison posted this  the dries this morning at 0730
National Wild and Scenic Rivers website needs photo  the Horsepasture for the webpage. know some  gnar boaters have one worthy to share.


NOT MY BOATS: 
Bought used dry suit. Kokatat fixed it all up for me. Yesterday when putting it on tore the interior patch that is intended to  protect the zipper from careless stress like gave it. Do try to fix this or do wait until the suit needs more repairs? It didn't seem to leak yesterday.
Does anyone in the know have info on what that water running down the mountain at the bottom  the pigeon dries was all about? Is their check release valve/trapdoor that was opened on the penstock up near the surge tank?
I've been looking for canoe trailer to haul the families fleet in Summer. found this ad on Craigslist. Just look at all those boats??? Located in Lenior City, Tennessee. 
Not mine !!!
This is scary Stephen H Edwards have one each  those, and Zoom
Judd and got on the Pigeon Dries today at what we would surmise to be around 1200 CFS. Pushy, fun, and very wet
The delta is, rather surprisingly, not *that* bad  creeker
I have heard the Hiwasee Dries are running until March. am interested in doing that sometime and would like any info on the run, how to tell the flow, best place to put-in, etc. Also it has been years since ran the Pigeon Dries and am not clear on how long that will be running and the best way to determine the flow. used to have correlation based on the Harmon Den low water bridge but can't find it.
Tallulah tomorrow: hot lap when they open the stairs, then slow lap meeting at the *takeout* at noon, tandem with Holly Reppert. Come join.
Karma medium c1 in great shape, Jackson c1 outfitting, for sale $650. Located in Richmond VA.
myself and the good Doctor Philip will be at the talluler put in at 1030 tomorrow am, come join us and watch me take delta down creek. all are welcome
Alex Vargas this would go with tux tee shirt
Long boat Sunburst on the Tellico and Little River in the mid '80's when my beard was bit darker than now.
I know this is more  solo boating page but this is still canoe. If u were to get ur hands on really old, abandoned Tripper. How and what would be the best things to do/use to fix this canoe ?
Anyone for Wilson's creek Friday
Can anyone get Pigeon Dries visual today?  Still 1400, but maybe one generator is on now?  That would put it around 800.
Want boat ride across Tugaloo this weekend? Bring $5 Saturday & Sunday. We have boat set up, but it costs money, so take some cash downriver with you. Tell your friends!
Hey, anybody have opinions to share on the Dagger Aftershock?
Can someone   has run the tellico from Stateline to North River provide any feedback? Thanks alot!
Just curious but has anyone ever seen or  done an ear dip prior to dropping off ledge in an OC1?
any  the chatty crew want to car pool to the pig dries sat  Garrett  and will be leaving little before 8
Shawn Malone goes big one  the best moves  the days
Why does this remind me  Louie or Bob Britt or Shawn or....:)
Pigeon dries, toying with my emotions! It was down at 500 today, but shooting straight up now.
No where to land at 500 CDs
Anyone have good sizing chart that they know  for oc-1 paddle?
 s my tallulah crew for saturday? looking to go slow, and taking down delta, so ill be good entertainment...
https://www.facebook.com/groups/86814526808/
It's Plug time!!!! 

The new BigDog Dropzone OC1 plug has been finished, Pete has left out some  the finer design to keep the glass mould simple and thus stronger whilst we ensure its all perfect before going to the Alloy mould. 
Enjoy! Will shoot the hull profile photos when this paint dries out!
Another non-whitewater question.   Suppose want to head south from PA for class I-II 80-100 mile canoe trip at the end  the month, what rivers should look at?  was thinking the Buffalo in Arkansas, but there is no water.  may need an outfitter for shuttle and primitive riverside camping and scenery are must.
Two out  state boaters liking for crew.  Anyone up for Wilson, FB IX, or Noli?
Big slides, aesthetic drops, Southern Appalachians and...... canoe.

West Fork French Broad 

North Fork French Broad 

Watauga Gorge

Tallulah Gorge

Blackfly Canoes & Fall Line Canoes
PaddleGuide.com Group For Paddlers - https://www.facebook.com/groups/128270927295513
Hey you! YEA YOU! Let me borrow your tandem this Sunday for Tallulah lap :) will pay with mediocre beer (how can pass that up!?)
Hiwassee Dries Running Today?  Parking Situation?
I see so much that everyone is doing that respect and admire.  So much readily available video  the glory  the day.  Crusty old guy that am will speak  how it was in another day, back in the 80's, when Mike Miller had his shop in Roswell, and Bruce Hare had winter SE headquarters at the Chattoga Whitewater Shop, and what's his face (Roger?) was selling boats off the top  his car at the Ocoee.  Anyone's first Section IV was epic, to them at least, and the Ocoee had so many different measures  performance, like what did do where?  And then we went to confront our manhood and otherwise bravery at the Gauley. Talk  more serious demon at Russell Fork was heresy, and other witches spoke  the Cheat.
Noli Bear is being released. Check out Appalachian Bear Rescue.
Saturday the 14th: pigeon dries if it is below 500. Backup plan, Hiwassee dries. Or LRC if it holds. Or Tallulah.  All know is Saturday is the day for me.
running the powell trail section  LRC on Wed.   5 miles  class 2 with 2 class 3's.  It' puts in below bottleneck,    Let me know if your interested.   Meeting at Canyon Mouth Park at 9:00
Evening greenbrier run today. Anybody?
Will be at the sinks some time in the late morning. See there.
quake mystery
Wife said had to be black
Yesterday was blast!  Paddling in at 10 inches was fun. Jordan and Alex let all the kayakers know just what open boaters are made of. got pointed at lot and stayed upright, so guess did, too?
So   got the Ion?
Your OC1 champ at the Green Race, Jordan Poffenberger. Alex Vargas finished second
Steven got these shot  the Dries at 900. stole them but didn't makes any money off them.
Jackson Levator Mount Perspective.  Works?
Hope nobody caught that!
Green Race: 
Vargas lays down solidly sub 10 minute canoe time;
Poffenberger slays his own OC-1 time, taking another 50 seconds off the course record;
Poffenberger also takes  pping 24 seconds off the C1 record, tying for the 6th fastest overall time.  Beast.

Full results:
I always wondered why it was the show me state.
Shannon Hammond
49 mins · 
REVISED SCAM ALERT: recently had this guy, supposedly river guide from Bleckley, WV, private message me asking if knew  anyone   wanted to buy 2 boats cheap because he's moving & must sell. His photo & information had recently appeared in several GA kayaking related facebook groups that am member  as possible scammer, so fortunately wasn't scammed...however many others have been. Lots  people, from WV to GA, have reported shady dealings with him like: him asking people to wire money to him 1st before he delivers the item; or that he has relative   works at post office so he can ship large objects like paddles; & that several people have also reported that they drive hours to meet him for deal & that he never shows; or he's taken money for deal & says an emergency came up, & he leaves & never returns or calls. The items he is "selling" may vary...I've seen rafts, paddles, kayak, camping gear, etc.
Since the original scam alert that was posted on 10/27/15, his facebook page is no longer active, either due to him deleting it or facebook blocking it since it was reported as fraudulent account. However, should he resurface again, please do not accept "Friend Request" from him & if are already "Friends" with him, urge to "Unfriend" him because he likes to troll your "Friends" list for potential victims.
IF HAVE BEEN SCAMMED BY HIM: Please contact Officer Pack  the City  Oak Hill (Fayette), WV Police Department, and report case & file police report if needed. Their phone number is: 304-465-0596. may also reach him via email at ohpdjrpack@gmail.com Also, please do not try to contact Jeff Johnson. Please let the proper authorities handle it as any interferences may hinder the case.
Best wishes to all & hope this helps!
Greenbrier: 2.5. Been holding for almost 4 hours now
Sick! Props to Vargas and Poff for holding it down Saturday.
Chad Lewis and ......well know   wears blaze orange with dead animal on his head
Truck is ready now need to do little welding and outfitting  to get the boat ready
Tandem?  Yessir... Ridge Spirit Outfitting
So noticed the dries were above 1000 for most  the weekend, did anyone get some?
I just bought canoe at an estate sale.  know this is whitewater group, but figured someone here would know what  the black pads just forward  the seat are.  I'm stumped.
Ready to haul boat to Mexico. Powder coat black or leave Stainless Steel?
Seems like posting trips here that are Class III or less is kinda like fishing in rain puddle but: 

Full Toe run Sunday. Post up if interested.
Anyone going to pigeon dries this weekend?
So was it 9 inches with 500 from the Creeks kickin in and   won?
The smacktalk has begun.  Is anyone giving Robert Wiggins run for his money?
Time to strap set  Yakama's on these and put them on the Lobo's bed.
http://www.zapiks.fr/canyon-line-les-equipees-sau-1.html

New whitewater sport
CAUTION - Water Bottle battery owners.

This photo is the lid that allowed water to get inside my battery and ruin it after less than 6 months.  There is almost no glue left around where the lid screws to the bottle, and the glue around the top where the wiring comes in isn't even completly surrounding the opening, so the wire was able to move in and out within the hole that was supposed to be secured.  Water could have gotten in from either compromised location.  The batteryspace people refused to replace my battery for no charge, even though it is clear that their assembly  the lid was faulty.  will not purchase any more batteries from them since they don't stand by their workmanship.  caution to secure your lid in both places with tape and don't rely on the glue being adequate.
Okay. I'm tired  taking my airbags and covers out after every trip.  What is the general consensus-- leave them in all the time or take them out after each trip?   I'm afraid they may mildew some if don't   Or am being too anal?  Yes, I'm lazy too😀😀
Matt Kelso with the first OC descent  this stout... Corner Pocket.
Anyone want the dries sunday?
It's that time  year again!!
Ryan Glasser
Matt Devoe is going to Watauga tomorrow if any one cares
Watauga for my first time tomorrow? Any takers?
There's chance the Big Laurel will be running tomorrow and there's chance could paddle. Any other canoes have this on their agenda for tomorrow? It's about 3 hour drive for me. I'd like to be ready to paddle around 11 or 1130. It's been 10 years since paddled it. All remember was that it was blast.
Kayaks should try because they'd make good c-1s. Go.
Late fall OC creek run on the Grasse river New York state.
http://www.cureuv.com/loctite-3103-flex-uv-curing-adhesive-25ml.html?gclid=Cj0KEQiAsNyxBRDBuKrMhsbt3vwBEiQAdRgPstmIjueMXqN57KVeHMVue4Uqmf6J6WlFSZvzT0vq8YQaArZy8P8HAQ

So has anybody though to use UV Curing adhesive to fix cracked boats? I
I am looking for examples  whitewater parks that are shorter or only include few features ie: wave or hole. Or urban whitewater parks. If could let me know the name and location or better yet send me link would greatly appreciate it.
My run wasn't nearly as pretty. My excuses....it was too low, my boat was too wide, it was too tall, the sun was in my eyes, bird distracted me.... no, no, just beatered the boof. Rolling is not overrated.#thisishowweroll #notatrick #1shot #rollorbust #dontswim #justlikeinthepool #nailedit #thankgod
This is for sale in S. Oregon.  Does anybody have any idea what it is?  The seller has no clue.  Looks like one  those hollow saddles think.  Might be worth it just for the saddle.


Looks like NFFB is the best bet for Tuesday.
Ran he Ocoee for the first time on 11/1/15.  It was awesome,  but lost an elbow pad.  Any help finding it would be appreciated.
Do y'all know anybody   has 1 thigh/knee brace for sale or barter? Needed for Dagger Phantom repair/improvement. Thanks!
Takers for Davidson, Laurel, something similar for Tuesday?
Encore overhaul, Phase 1.
Bob Britt, Chris Beck said that he sent the Dagger sticker file while back. Wondering if might still have it.
LRC 341cfs and rising 22 an hr... that was an hr ago and its raining all day, going around 11 if anybody wants to join
Go paddle tomorrow somewhere. Message me; I'll go wherever the rain is. Creeks preferred.
My Zephyr is still taking up valuable space, so lowered the price bit. $500 for the boat as shown.  Another $300 gets the Bomber Bags. Located near Lexington VA. Send an email or phone # if want more pics.
How long are the Pigeon Dries running? Dam repairs?
After seven years on the Sport Tract these are goin on the LOBO. Time to start welding this rack system together. Nice try Yakama almost made them where they couldn't be used on anything else.
So as scroll this morning see they worship us over at the church  the training paddle !!! How bout that ?
Getting my GDI Look. Now just need canoe....
Some single sticking on the Green at 200%. It's rowdy in there!
Via Tom Zimmerman: Hiwassee Dries will run through till March starting tomorrow. 2800 cfs to start out, but will fluctuate depending on rainfall.
If anybody can dig up the pigeon dries clips from Paddle Snake Hunters, that would be cool. seen ol MBL and company running it at highwater in long boats
Ryan Glasser Chinesee Algerbra
Keith Clark
Late notice know, but is anyone headed from Chattanooga to green race this week that could bring saddle from Matt Todhunter to myself? Good Asheville beer is your reward...
 's running it?
A little higher today.
Jeff Richards
Keith Clark when he sold his last Blackfly it cracked the next trip. Over the last nine months he tries to get just one too many trips on this one. Blackfly for sale, only welded once
What were the dries at today? Do we have level estimate for tomorrow? How fast are they dropping? Only ever one run them, and really high, but I'm intrigued. It's either that or 19 inch green and that seems stressful.
does anyone have copy  the second paddle snack Milt did long ago?
Flying with my boat today........Cost me  le $25 to fly my boat from Toronto to Vancouver.....!!!!
Jeff Richards seal launch that was probably higher than the rapid
Keith Clark
Jeff Richards
Seth O'Shields. Don't worry about your rough day KeithClark bad one too video to follow 450 was just to much water.
Jeff Richards
Keith Clark
A viable business plan is all about studying your market.
4 open boat 1 yak
This took some skill...
Looking for mtn bike rack, to fit in my trailer hitch, holler if know anyone that has one for sale, thanks
My father in law is pulling t-shirts out from the archives.
Esquif pocket canyon
Expedition solo canoe....

New seat location, 48" front float bag... Now can strap 3x 60 liters and 1x30 liters barrell...

All the strap are link by quick connect buckel... Easy to load and unload... My favorite canoe :)
Andy Yaughn and will be at the Ocoee put in at 10am tomorrow if want to join.
Keith Clark, Richard Guin  what time on Saturday? Clark has to work that evening and need to be back at decent hour myself. Richard drive to LC and will drive from here.
This is 480 if u subtract 600 from 1080.
selling our lite ledge.  this one has been used but not abused.  mostly used for class 2-3 river running.  has pump and set  slightly leaky red Mohawk bags.  900 obo.  located in ne TN.
I am looking for roof racks to fit 99 toyota camry. Anyone know where can get some?
Does anyone have video  the pigeon dries that isn't the two that are already on YouTube?
So do any  the chatty crew want to ride   Garrett MaysShawn Malone
  is in for some dries action  Fri or sat??????
NOT MY BOAT: 
Dries: water is 7 inches above the concrete base at the first submerged brick. 4 River right bricks visible.
thanks Matt Haughee for showing us down and the sweet edit. we went back week or two later and cleaned up the lines
This could be handy sometime - 


I have question...does the monster holes on really big water tend to keep in them as bad as our southern creeking style holes? know that it is weird question, but watch kayaks wash through the large chunder holes on the Zambezi where assume they would be stuck...
Imma check the Pigeon dries around 10 am. If it's running Keith Clark and are going for it. Would be good to have one or two more along for the ride.
Anyone for Davidson? I'm 2 hours from the hatchery, and can leave at once.
Future canoe paddle!
Anyone from Asheville heading to the Ocoee this weekend? have boat that needs ride - I'll pay for gas :)
Future bed racks for the Lobo. About 7 inches above the tonto cover so carry boats with the cover in place but still roll the cover all the way to the front. Should save gas takin the boat to Mexico behind the cab and not on top  it.
Come out and Check out Canoe Movie 2 Thursday night at The Millroom in Asheville. We'll also be raffling off SUP package worth $2000! Come support the new Asheville Whitewater Park! $1 from every beer sold goes toward the fund...as well as all proceeds from the door! Come on out! We'll start things arround 6ish and go til about 1am! Come hang in Asheville while prep for the Green race!
I was afforded the opportunity last weekend to paddle the Zap Paddle (Vince Zappia’s latest model 10/8/2015) canoe paddle.

As eyed the paddle the first thing that stood out was the craftsmanship.  This paddle is truly work  art.  My next response as held it was how light weight it felt.  then performed flex test and was impressed with how flexible it was.  In the water the blade demonstrated lot  power.  One or two strokes was up to wham/bam hull speed.  It had good balance in connecting my strokes.  It did not take me long to adjust to the paddle.  The lower shaft which is more  rectangular shape was appealing to my hand.  It was easy to find my comfortable hand position.  The cigar shaped tapered t-grip provides substantial grip to hold and the natural finish keeps the paddle firmly in my hand.  Don’t let this light weight beauty fool you.  This is one tough paddle.

Thank Vince for allowing me to enjoy this paddle.
Greenbrier is rising. 1.4 and the water is kaleidoscope  tannins and multi-colored leaves.
One my d-rings holding in my air bags has come loose.  What is the best method for cleaning the area, gluing, and securing said d-ring?  which glue is safe for Royalex?  It's Dagger rival.  Thanks guys...it'll be my first boat repair.
One has to wonder just how long they had been rolling with single blade..
It's Lewis's favorite kind  post, counting the eggs
I don't know if this is the one but remember  one where the guy said after doin it "it was big, it was fast and it hurt.
I know it's kayaking but it's cool as hell.
Alex and messing around on the Green yesterday
Old school
Michael Bruce Lewis pushing rubber....( it popped up on non boater friends page, it was her trip)
Some shots by Dennis from the Russell fork at 1000 yesterday, didn't see single other open boat out there all day.
LEdge for sale, selling to fund new tandem rig.  No welds. $800 and will help with delivery. PM for details
We're putting together the 2016 tour. Which western locations need some canoe love next summer?

If you're out west and would like to organize demo day for 2016, give me shout
Christopher Handley Arkansas open boat creekin
Admin can remove if not in line with policy for this site. Many in this group have probably hiked one  these trails. may live near enough and care enough to help out for future generations. Could think  it as "first descent"  what is already one  the best hikes.
Ocoee tomorrow?
All want for Christmas
What water temperature can be expected on the Middle Ocoee tomorrow?
I feel honored to be assembling this classic boat. Certifiably the very last "new" Whitesell Descender!
just registered for green race this year.  's my competition? 20th anniversary race, we need to have good solid and styley open boat showing... Alex Vargas, shall we have rematch on MY home run?
Fall break about over. Wife has learned that from the end  Russell Fork till the rain in Dec comes if she wants jobs around the house done she better get me to do them now.
Here go Andy Yaughn. In super slo mo! Need more water and less boat
1st Drop. Bailey Canyon.
Been lookin for good duck hunting canoe/tripper... found this deal, thoughts? 17ft too long?
NOT MY BOAT:  
Hiking at Oh Be Joyful today.
Great week-end at MooseFest
For all  us mortal paddlers, fun weekend  class 2 & 3 whitewater on the Russell Fork
Can anyone  help out pushing rubber  Sunday on the Nanny,  It is for great cause  and this could the the highlight  some  these kids life so far.  https://www.facebook.com/events/851468884911744/
Sleds?

Canada's new PM is paddler
Old school.
https://vimeo.com/143003396

Russell Fork from couple weeks back. Some sloppy bow placements in here but we lived to tell about it.
gotta love seeing Ewan Cambell, 13 year old, rolling old school canoes.
Y'all know anybody heading to the Russell Fork Race that could transport few pottery medals via I-65North? Current location in Birmingham, but able to meetup if in transit. Unable to deliver in person. Thanks.
YOUVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! GCA is closing off the Tallulah during scheduled release for race? And it's invitation only?!
2015 Japan OC meeting
dry line at low water 7 ft
Just in case are ever by yourself and need to check to see if brake lights are working on your trailer.... This PSA is brought to by Aqua-Bound Edge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRDxtxBtTu4

Anybody familiar with this beat down spot?
Lewis


Found....gear in middle  road at Ocoee takeout....
Tommy has started boatin again
I'm gonna put this out there one more time, is anyone going to the Russell Fork this weekend from the Cleveland, TN area and potentially able to bring one more canoe with them? :D
Vance Barnes lost his Bailey Blade (paddle) on Section 4 yesterday. He thinks it's stuck in right crack. It's got his name and number on it.please get the word out really hope he gets it back.
Sunday, 10am at the 76 bridge, Sec. 4
Some footage from the Levator Mount in my Option. 1080HD is best
We will post picture  his bruse later.
Enjoy the Russell Fork 
Have Fun, Go Fast, Be Safe
The Beavers got loose yesterday on Island Creek. was planning to cut few logs near the end  the run but was surprised to find 28" hemlock had fallen across the rapid just below Cave Rapid.  It's located on the sliding drop with the tombstone rock on the left. My poor 18" chain saw was struggling. Tyler Lowe and managed to cut all the limbs off  the massive tree and managed to notch cut or two in it too. Let's hope the next rain event brings Island Creek up to high level to wash it all down stream. Be cautious on the next run as have no idea where these logs are going to end up. did the best could but was little overwhelmed with such large timber.
PLEASE VOTE FOR MY GREEN RACE SHIRT DESIGN RIGHT NOW!!!
Click here: http://greenrace.amongstit.com/
(btw-It's the only one that showed the open boaters some love)

It take just second. They spelled my name Rachel Ellis...smh, whatevs...the design looks like the attached photo.

VOTING ENDS THE 18th!! Thanks bunch!!!
Bookum when saw had done RF at release level was thinkin canoe and damn what man, then remembered about your raft.
any openboaters in Montana?
TVCC SAT
Looking if anyone will be at the lower yough this Sunday
Gauley this weekend. Lower Saturday, not sure about Sunday yet.  's interested?
Let's go boating!
Does anyone on this site   uses pumps use the Water Bottle battery from batteryspace.com?
Brand new large fluid Dope hull (playboat.) For sale. $400 OBO. The dope is fun c1, paddled one for years. This one is hull that never ended up converting. Also have used medium fluid nemesis for sale - make offer. Hit me up with any questions or interest. Thanks ! :)
in reaction to thread on open canoe slalom... how many people   regularly paddle and are half decent ww boaters would choose slalom over day  creekin on the Tellico?
Looking for opinions, What is lightly used Spanish Fly worth? Normal scratches, about 6-7 yrs old.
Is anyone from the RDU area going to Russell Fork this weekend?  have paddle that needs ride from Durham.  Thanks.
Just got my deposit in the mail for new option. Looking to get it from Blackfly world hq to the southeast, preferably sometime around green race/Tallulah season. Also looking to get my current one from green race to FullGnarlz Nation. GDI shipping network, need you. Anyone think they can help?
Can use pumps on the Ocoee race?
Hey guys need to borrow handfull  rafts the weekend  oct 25  to use on the Nanty with the Whitewater Healing.
Keith Clark and Jeff Richards now what day did it have enough this weekend?
boof at accelerator.  scooter, jacob clark,  bill mckinley and others.
Mark
Louie becoming club boater
Warm and sunny here in CO.
Hey GDI friends please like me and my boy, we would like to win this #kayaksession photo comp in our #esquif canoe!
Got me the new Octane 91 and love it; now want an 85 too. If have one for sale give me shout.
If didn't make it to GAF weren't anywhere.
Hello all,

Just reminder that the Peachtree City roll practice sessions start on Sunday 10/25/15 (two weeks from tonight).

We will meet at the Kedron Aquatic Center in Peachtree City from 5 pm to 7pm. Please arrive at the facility about 4:30 pm to fill out paperwork and be ready to go at 5 pm when the pool becomes available for our use. Also, please be sure that your boat is clean - there is no hose available at the pool so will need to rinse off your boat before arrive.

The details will be the same as last year. The cost per session will be $6 for GCA members and $10 for non-members. will also need ACA insurance which is an additional $5 unless are an ACA member. will need your ACA membership card or number in order to get credit for ACA membership. 

This is very nice, large facility. It is large enough to bring your canoe or sea kayak to roll and still leave plenty  room for other people. The water and facility are heated but aren't hot in my opinion. Some people roll in just rash guard but am usually too cool that way. If get cold easily might want to bring couple  layers with the first time until have an opportunity to see how the temperature works for you. There are nice changing rooms with showers for after roll practice.

Many times group  us will go to Mellow Mushroom afterwards for dinner. are all welcome to join us.

If have any questions (or if have burning desire to come to Peachtree City and teach me to roll my canoe - :-)) please feel free to contact me at lshkayaker@gmail.com.

Lisa
Deer Creek rapid Bailey's Canyon.
A few Shots from Yesterday's race! I'm still adding shots over 600 shots to go through so i'm hoping to be done by tomorrow.

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.987264541312089.1073741863.179314478773770&type=1&l=0901cfe8e9
Follow up to last post so it's out in public. Don't know   won short oc1, I'm sure someone can inform. I'd be curious as to the winning short oc time as well and how it compared to the long times. Interesting to see Jerrod Jones times less than 30 seconds apart between boats, makes wonder how much faster long really is against dry modern boats.
PPatrick Kellerdon't feel bad man finished fourth in by division too
Rafting on the green
Free to good home: 1 very lonely Esquif Nitro hull. It is beat and would be project boat. Come and get it, or could possibly meet at river. will get some pictures up tomorrow. 
Trade for beer: Two float bags that hold air kind  ok. They fit the above mentioned Nitro and are totally repairable, I've just moved to Bomber Bags. 
$20: Canoe foot pegs for outfitting no longer have. guess they could go in kayak too, but why subject yourself to that? 
Pump Bits: 1 Pump, switch, pelican case and battery. It was in the Nitro when bought it and worked then, but haven't used it since. It's yours if pay shipping. 

Pictures will be posted shortly.
Ocoee Results
Chattooga tomorrow?
That Hollywood Bowl is the real deal!
Only 9 seconds separated first and second place oc long at the Ocoee race today, and believe both beat the previous course record... good to see yall out there with some clean lines and fast times today. Training days 364 to next year...
Greenbrier 1.9. Too dark to see if it's muddy
How was super max?
One  the high lights  the day was gettin to talk to Keith Sprinkle and seein the starter girl was good too
Second single sticker to leave the starting line fifth one to cross the finish line. Alex   started 60 second behind me passed me at broken nose in ridiculously long boat. Wiggy   started 120 second behind me passed me at second helping. He is in even more ridiculously and longer boat. Noah in C-1   started four minutes behind me passed me at slingshot. Ryan   started three minutes behind me finished 30 seconds after me. waited on him at both smoke stops but was getting cold and had to start paddlin again. The guy in the Viper   started minute before me never saw him after Gonzo shoals. did see Alex and Wiggy leavin the doldrums as was pull in to them. Been long time since have the done the  le Ocoee without gettin out  my boat........I stayed in my boat for both smoke stops.
I just got Hiawasse dries trip report sounds like pretty exciting day
Is it possible to have canoe that can do both lake trip and Hiwassee type water for the  le family and their stuff? Maybe 350 lbs  people?
How are things going in the Carolinas?  News up north is that have some pretty serious water going on .... Thinking  MJ and Psycho living beside their river ....
Call out!   Ocoee race tomorrow!  Really fast tandem hull Caption here ready to shred all else.  Can't get there yet from Dahlonega!  Come get me and gear and win Category!
Pumps are lamer than bent lampshade
good deal for someone looking for lake boat 
Official Schedule  Events for the Ocoee Race:

8:30      Volunteer Check In (expect Safety Boaters*) (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
9:00      Mandatory Check In (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
10:15 Check In Closed
10:30 Mandatory Safety Meeting (Upper parking lot at the Middle putin)
11:00 Racing begins
6:00      After party benefiting Team River Runner (O.A.R. Riverside Pavilion)

*Those that are only safety boaters please be there for the 10:30 safety talk.
My first ever canoe!! Ye haw!! Can't wait to get er outfitted and start using er!
So here is question many  know the answer too.  Whats the deal with the bear claw?
Anyone up for the Hiawassee Dries this week? Wednesday Thursday Friday?
ok! so have canoe. To be exact, have an Esquif Nitro. It has nothing at all in it but 2 d rings and the cord that holds the bags in. need to outfit it on very little money (college sucks). So how do go by doing this? don't want knee straps, would rather have all foam and also need some bags and don't have the money to buy anything new!! give me some advice people!! want to get this beauty up and running as soon as possible!!
ElDO Brewing had been tagged . Crested Butte, Co .
Digitized some old documents over lunch.

1. River Canoeing Manual. 1957. Southeastern PA American Red Cross.
2. Canoeing Safety Outline. 1963. Betty and Dave Morris.
3. PSOC Canoe Division Constitution & Bylaws. Year unknown.


I have gyromax in Cincinnati that needs ride south. As close to Atlanta as possible. It has few places in Chattanooga it can stay if that's as far as you're going.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
No foot pegs or brackets were in this, Installing set  less lengthy brackets should be straight forward. Suggestions? Using the Pyranha measurements as guide.
Take minute
Hear go Philip Prince old school rodeo
Maybe should send the Nature Boy an invite.
NOT MY BOAT: 
Is that Ledge in the background?
FREE: Wavesport EZG 60 hull. Come and get it or bring post-paddle beer to river somewhere
Is anyone able to bring my canoe from Cleveland, TN to the Russell fork the weekend  the 16th? Can compensate with gas money, beer, sexual favors.......
Does the Nantahala run during the week? Fall break family camping trip time.
Hyside one person duckies for sale they are early 2000 vintage and in good shape $350... pm for more details
Yahoola
Here is the Link for price- just so can stay anonymous!!! 
 http://www.roho.co.uk/watersports/Silverbirch-Covert-9-3-.html
  paddle tomorrow (Tue)? III-IV
Funny Day on Tewkesbury up here in Quebec city!


Yahoola Creek Gorge, NE Georgia Sunday
Jeff Richards and Richard Guin
Judd Lefeber and grabbed lap on the West Fork  the Pigeon, one  my favorite creeks in the Smokies
1080HD is best
Finally got chance to run local drop.  :)   Super Fun.
New Boat old paddler with screw stickin out  his leg bone. Right and left line on the knee
Time for the howler to shine.
Our local gem is legal again, and with rapids like 'Bambi Meets Godzilla' can't help but fall in love with kickass run like this.
Only  4 open boats racing the Ocoee race period!?!?   Could use some tandem competition too....   No ladies representing oc1 or oc2 either,  there is sup though.
Some enders n shit. 

http://youtu.be/G0NCfVrKqMU
Where's the ocoee race registration link? want to race but can't find it
Here is Park n Huck in New Hampshire. this drop is Frogtown Creek in North Ga's yankee cousin. strikingly similar
So that anyone can understand, have been out  the boating game for so long over legal issues  my driving status.  It is simple matter that one cannot boat river if they cannot get to the river with gear.  am struggling with numerous legal issues which always come to involve money.I am so close and look forward to seeing all soon.
Surfing point break on the Kann River in Alberta Canada.
What Hurricane? The one that is 500 miles out in the Atlantic? Thank America Kayaker, always takin care  us, particularly when we don't want to.
Holly walked across 'Murica!
Shawn Malone found my old canoeing badge from the Boy Scouts!
Funniest thing I've read all day on here.
Anyone near Fayetteville WV care to help us set shuttle for the New? We've only got one vehicle and are headed to Cunard now. know it's long shot but thought I'd throw it out.
Big Creek running at 2.9 per Brent at 11:45AM
Caught the Toe at prime level Friday. Most folk stick to the short gorge section but the section between hwy 80 and Toecane is really special intermediate run. want to call it Nolito but it has character all  its own. At the right flow it's easily the equivalent  FB Barnard to Stackhouse, but in all my runs I've only seen one other crew above Toecane.
Greenbrier: 1.9 admins got their heads out  their asses long enough to open the gates too!
Hate!
No we still ain't got what we need here but the latest NOAA current radar is finally showing good chance for somethin close to what they been talkin about since Thursday. The Pigeon dries would be my first choice because it has been so long since have got to do it. However with out solid visual the Tellico area gives us wider range  choices, Tellico or Cittico with fair rain, Conasauga, North or Bald with really fair rain, Double Camp, Wildcat, Santellia, Yellow, Upper North or Bullet with really good rain also secret one Richard won't let
me talk about. All 13  those are one hour or less drive time.
The NPS bureaucrats in charge  the GRSM are joke. Apparently they don't know how to read their own rain gauges or how to interpret weather radar before making decisions that affect the public.
Because  the fact that everything was goin to flash, and stuff was goin to be blown out, with biblical amounts  water and it going to be the water event  our life time, decided to wait till tomorrow to boat when we might have more water. While was at home dug hole for post and despite the fact so many people were talking about how saturated the ground was, after the first two inches  dirt the ground was dry below that. Yano down closer to the WATER TABLE. Now in Jan figure the ground will be saturated. It is still October her.
I definitely buy in to the self reliance  SUGYS. But sometimes the focus needs to shift to self-preservation, in which case it would become SUGYATS.
Look at the USGS gauge for Tellico now. Not straight up but pretty darn steep. 1.49 almost non desperate min.
Please look at the NOAA current Doppler Radar this is first time since all this started that we are gettin what we have been lookin for. Should this storm track not change over night we might finally get enough rain to do something good tomorrow.
Tellico has hit 1.3 and holding Watauga has quit droping and holdin little above 400. Sounds like Cheoah tomorrow........oh wait
That is right AW said it was canceled.
Greenbriar Road is closed at Highway 321
Headed to big creek in the smokies now, should be good level for the afternoon
Anyone boating today, where.
Anyone boating in the Smokies tomorrow on something shredder can fit down? Seth O'Shields? Greenbrier? Our plan was for the New tomorrow, but it's not going to be coming down anytime soon. We're looking for something to hit on the way back to Chattanooga from WV.
Hi looking for ride for boat from NJ to NC if ay one can help out that would be sick. Thanks
$650 Selling my Bliss Stick, Mystic Creeker. Its in great shape its only been paddled probably 12 times, With air bags, skirt. Also have some other goods ..PM if anyone's interested..Knoxville area, Sweetwater and Spring City area
First place ever saw him
Greenbrier: still holding at 2.2 and clear.
Looking for good creeker kayak to convert to c1 on the cheap...    what, when , where?
This is pretty neat
That looks like canoe more so than kujak, which makes more sense.
Window in Fayetteville WV
What's your typical GoPro setting for whitewater paddling?
CChris Kingyou are right 1.3 is low. can't believe they called water snob
Breakfast with the Girls!!
So sense WRWW  is sucky now    what flow page is the best to use
anyone doing after-work greenbrier?
So did all find something that wasn't "flashin" Tellico has stopped dropping and is on gentle upward slop. am not sure LOC's guess about Watauga hittin 1000 sometime today is goin to happen, or did he say 10,000?  will wait and see what tonight and tomorrow brings but what has been billed as "biblical" and "the greatest rain event  our life's" proberly ain't. September and October are the two driest months of
the year. Hurricanes really need hit SC or NC to get the shit up. 500 miles off the coast is going to flood the coastal counties for sure the Mountain ones, not so much. Hope am wrong, mean there is first time for everything
First run through Pillow with an Austin Crane creation. It is fine piece  work.
Coosa River Rodeo, 1990 at latest in the Vertigo.  bought the Vertigo at the previous year rodeo auction.
Anyone in the Knoxville area want to paddle today in the afternoon?
For the dirt bag paddlers on here Advance Auto parts has their silicone spray on sale for $3. If like me tomorrow will be the first time will be wearin your dry suit or dry top for the first time this year might want to spray the wrist and neck gaskets, both inside and out...tonight and again tomorrow morning.
Read on, if care why "The canoe is also the vagina  the Mother  the Forest."

from Joan Halifax's The Fruitful Darkness: 

        respect for trees is well understood among the Warao,   live in the Orinoco delta  Venezuela along the Caribbean seaboard. Wa means "canoe," and arao means "people": the People  the Canoe. The Warao believe that the forest is tribe  animated bushes, palms, and trees. Some  them were given origin by old gods, others are metamorphosing, and still others have always been "tree people." The red cachicamo tree, used for canoes, is thought  as the Mother  the Forest, known as Dauarani. She is the guardian  the forest, and in earlier times, she prohibited the killing  large mammals and the unauthorized felling  palms and trees. 
        "The trees and palms, to the Warao, are like other people with  m they have kinship ties and trade relations. When Warao man wants to become master canoe maker, he must first receive an invitation from Dauarani, the Mother  the Forest. If he is granted permission to create new canoe, he is in effect sacrificing one  the daughter  Dauarani. Before he cuts down one her daughters, both Dauarani and the victim, her daughter, must consent to the act. 
           If permission is given, the canoe maker-initiate and shaman-intercessor approach the tree-maiden,   appears in the shape  young woman with comb in her hair and necklace  blue, white, and red beads. Before the work crew arrives, the shaman-intercessor sings to her: "Don't become upset. Be happy and smile at me. am like your own offshoot. am the one accepted. am fond  you. came to touch your body, to caress lovingly." 
         The maiden smiles and replies. "You are neophyte master canoe builder. can tell from your new ornaments. Do with me according to your vision: Kill me and thrust me down on the very soil that raised me." The tree-maiden and shaman-intercessor continue this dialogue until the work crew draws near. She then enters the tree that is to be sacrificed. 
          The shape  the canoe, when completed, is like vagina, and each time the man enters his canoe, he enters the daughter  the Mother  the Forest. The canoe is also the vagina  the Mother  the Forest.
Greenbrier: 2.2 and clear. Hard to tell if going up or down.
Just because most  the gauges and turning down think that is just last nights no rain period. What we had this morning should turn them back up.....a little. Ya'll do realize this stalled front is goin to give us more water than hurrican that ain't even goin tomake land fall is don't Ya?
When we see this storm tract, then we can start talkin about mega flows
Finally made it to West By God....
http://www.canoekayak.com/canoe/tiny-home-with-built-in-canoe-locker/?utm_content=bufferb5d51&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer#zfvYLDSgVVY87EOo.97
For all tiny home wannabees.......
Has anyone paddled Esquif Paradigm? haven't heard anything really positive about it! Any  like it? If so why?
Pulled this one off the rocks this summer...
Here's question: Paddle length per height  person and why? Go.
Big creek: Low; maybe under 1', but it is hard to tell. There seemed to be high water line on the concrete just under 3', but don't see how that could have happened. Water was still clear. Rained steady during our Pigeon lap.
All this paddle talk. FS Werner Nantahala 58" like new. $125 + ship.
Greenbrier: 4' something and chocolate
No Cheoah
I've ordered mine!
Everyone ready for the Toxaway dam to bust again?
It it has food in it, it's no different than garbage can, or picnic basket.  

a kujaker came up to me and seriously asked if this was Dagger...
If this 3-day prediction is right, WNC is going to be going off like crazy this weekend.
Took hard hit to my right shoulder on creek Monday, didn't dislocate but in quite bit  pain depending on movement. Whats the consensus on ice vs. heat?
https://youtu.be/j5JJ5SyyAw0 this was filmed Saturday at GAF. Sorry for the quality. It was recorded wwith my phone.
Greenbrier: 1.45 and raining steadily. Water is still clear.
For TBT, my contribution collection is titled "Young man in yellow helmet".  Clear Creek in the T-Slalom.  didn't hang out long in eddies like that on sunny afternoon for fear  impalement.   Coosa River Rodeo, 1990 at latest in the Vertigo.  Jawbone 1985 or so.  I'm apparently running sweep for this trip, according to that first aid kit up front.  The lead boat first aid kit  goes downstream at Jawbone before the trip comes down.
If your media player will allow to play it in fast forward, it looks like someone stirred an angry nest  skittles.
Not my boat: 
  paddles open boats tomorrow (Thursday)?
Anyone interested in running chattooga on saturday? Willing to run any section but really want to learn section 3.5 and 4. Have not run either in hard boat so hoping someone could show me the way down.
I am tryin to show guy at work that video  the race at alf. al lookin for the one that is shot lookin back up stream at white curtain. The one that somebody said it looked like pack  Skittles bein pour down set  stairs. Anyone remember the name or   shot it?
I SOOOO wish had taken before and after picture  the Mitchell blade Steve just repaired for me.  don't think anyone could have done better.  am SO impressed  :-)
Austin Crane   has been makin boats forever is now makin wooden paddles. will post the picture  the one he is buildin for Chad Lewis
Kanawha falls in WV. Great training ground for waterfall lines.
So.  's thinking about doing the Ocoee race this year?  It's usually followed by good awards ceremony and one  the best party's  the year.
Been waitin
Hey there GDIers...The Ocoee Race is October 10, 2015....we are excited to have 4 OC classes this year! We are aware  "conflict" that will occur later that day (someone decided to get married...) and we are prepared to let anyone wanting to race and attend the wedding race first. :-) so...REGISTER!! And if aren't going to the wedding...join us for the afterparty benefiting Team River Runner - Chattanooga!! 


I don't know   this is, but he styled the Cascades Sunday
Free Gyromax on Boatertalk.  not mine: 
Some people don't realize perception roto-molded saddle when they see one.   Might be nice outfitting solution for someone.
Greenbrier: 2.5 via Ranger Marsh
Anyone have contact info for Bill Jones in Otto NC?  If so PM me please, need to let him know his order is on its way.
Double Boating it!
What fun was had on the Ocoee this Afternoon
Hells Hole Rapid
I have been lookin at some Big Creek (Ocoee) footage this morning. If have never done it should try and get it.
Ocoee secret season all this week. Water from 10-4 everyday!!!
Friday 10/2, lower Gauley
Saturday 10/3, upper Gauley
Sunday 10/4, New river gorge
Come join the fun.
Blackfly Blackfly OC1 for sale.  Boat is in Ottawa.  $600 Cdn.  Excellent condition with airbags.  Can bring it to NY, VT, NH.
Did some tandem beatering with Jen yesterday...  Cleaned it up today had nice upper run the went back and fired up the cascades  around 250 this afternoon
Any suggestions where to camp for russellfork?
Some guy had drone at double suck yesterday afternoon. We stuffed the shredder in the hole and gave him show.
Anyone want to go to Wilson's tomorrow? I've never been, plus haven't been in my boat in month and half. It will probably be entertaining for you.
Any vintage boats at GAF?
i didn't finish last!
Anyone want small loki c1? Great shape. 450? Open to offers
Cool
Saturday on the Upper Nanty
Anybody know if the ocoee is still running low flow on weekdays?
how do most  mount your iphone to your canoe?
What sets the British C boaters ahead  lot....?
I don't skip leg day!
Good place to camp at GAF?
http://raleigh.craigslist.org/boa/5237719018.html

My friend Jim Wei's boat
Greenbrier: just drove up to the Porters/Ramsay confluence. The stream hasn't turned brown yet, and the stick is reading 0.8 or so. Probably won't happen, but I'll check again late tonight.
For Sale: Viper 11 in very good condition. Only about 20 days on the water, most  which were the Grand Canyon. Always stored inside, out  the sun. Wood gunwales, Blackfly saddle, hull has few cosmetic scratches, but nothing deep or into the Royalex. $1200, will be at GAF this weekend.
what are the dates for the 2016  ALF? Thanks..
I love my Pixie girl for better or for worse....

(Also have it on my side and other arm but not as much)
Thanks Ken Dubel for the picture!
Looks like Ocoee is running again today around 1400.  Can anyone in the know predict or confirm whether it will run on Friday?
Is there one more WFT release this year?
A go-fund-me has been started to help get DIY internet gauge up for North Chickamauga Creek in Soddy Daisy, TN.  This is true gem in the Chattanooga area, and the old USGS internet gauge was used to predict the flows  many streams in the area.  That gauge was taken down about 5 years ago.  If you've ever enjoyed any creeks in the Chattanooga area, please consider donating to get this gauge up.
the only open boat in the race! where was everyone?
Hey,  
Made it up onto the Gatineau and ottawa river this past weekend and thought guys would like my edit. :)  

Since everyone is offloading their royalex, I'll see if anyone wants this. Its as old as am and isn't perfect, needs some thigh strap work and airbags. 300obo.
Anybody heading to GAF?
any  thoughts or interest in Whitesell Whirlwind out there ?  Tuff Lay up very good condition.
Selling my Merrimack Souhegan. Will bring to GAF. It's hunter green, fiberglass hull w/cherry ribs. All wood has been refinished with Watco ext oil. Hull in good cond, but has scratches from normal use. $1275 ph 931-260-9551.
Find me at GAF to get your Canoe "Take it out and play with it!" shirts, and pre-order this new beauty: http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/im-sexy-i-grow-it-shirt/

Just in time for No Shave november. Discounts for on the spot pre-orders.

PSA- will not have booth, but will be selling shirts at camp and out  the trunk  my car…enough people have my number in Chota Canoe Club so should be able to find me. Cheers! (I'll also be wearing one  the kayak shirts)
Kayak for sale at GAF.  Pyranha Z.ONE, size medium fits 143-209 pounds, has only been paddled about 6-7 times.  $ 475.00 (cash), boat will be at Smokey Mountain Meadows.  Message me if interested.  Could make an interesting C1??
Anyone Near Dr. Phil Prince Heading to GAF that can transport MoHawk Edge back to him ?
Looks like won't get the opportunity to do Tallulah or Green light in Nov.  Received call this morning from work.  Nov 2 headed for EMB145 training and then check airman training.  It will take full 2 months.
This just in....the middle ocoee is going. Not sure how long though
GAF SPECIAL ! Own piece  history, it has ride to GAF if anyone's interested in owning this rare gem, $600 Obo royalex Mohawk edge 14 feet  stick racing speed.
Boatertalk is fun again.  Check out the Main Lounge.
7 days and counting until im back in the southeast for 2 weeks..... let the hijinks begin... oh and im probably gonna need to borrow some gear
Does anyone know about some people C-boating in Norway right now?  Because 7 have been sighted in IV and that means business, but no one has an idea   it is - so far...
Pat Keller at Iron Curtain
Pony Express!
Galloping throuh the Mail Slot on the Upper Gauley
Just heard that Hiwassee powerhouse will be down for repairs early Nov til  early March. They'll be spilling 1200-1400 at Appalachia Dam. Not sure if this is sufficient flow for the dries, but aim to check it out sometime. Any opinions out there?
popping popcorn... 

Anyone interested in the Lower Gauley on Friday?
Broken octane.
Styled the entire Upper G.
but  course kinda knew that
Japan OC meeting
Yup!
Mohawk edge 14 royalex  $600 Ono
First PE Covert, oh yes!
Gonna have Mohawk Edge 14 royalex up for sale soon pictures to follow soon, selling it to raise money to send my daughter to London next summer, $600 or best offer.
Charli did lose paddle?
I figured some  y'all probably know the victim.

http://towndock.net/
Finally edited some  the Mexico footage. Judd, Wiggins, and ran some things in canoes. Check it out!
PLG came by and picked up couple  his boats. 1 Detenator, 1 Prelude, 1 Super Fly and 1 thrill seeker( death yak)
Gauley fest was an awesome week,  paddling, people and amazing weather!
Great time at the festival; great to see my southern paddler friends up and at it. Been several years since last did the Upper - perfect day - perfect night.
This morning another matter lol

Thanks to ya'll
Special thanks to Lynn & Michaela Cuddy for their hospitality from the Yough House to the Pond House. So awesome hanging with fun group
So how do determine the price  beater boat. have friend that has detonator, and old town scout,both these are true beaters trying to figure out fair asking price he is still paddling the detonator. He will be at GAF and he will also have rpm c1, 6 person raft and dagger impulse for sale just don't know what fair price for the detonator and old town would be
C-1 Slalom Worlds Final Results;
Casey Eichfeld with an Excellent Result in 4th Place!
River assault vehicle for sale 

http://asheville.craigslist.org/cto/5219725088.html
Oh and thanks for the laughs and gear bags from Water Shed ( Eli Helbert )

Too funny too have to go to West Virginia to see Canadian friends 
( Isabelle Gariépy Martin Breu Colin Moneypenny Ring the bell with Cal Reader
The USA Whitewater Slalom Team is Racing Tomorrow Bright & Early in the SemiFinals  the 2015 Whitewater Slalom World Championships!
Watch Casey Eichfeld Live @ 4:49 AM EST in Men's C-1,  Ricky Powell Live @ 7:09 AM EST in Men's K-1, Michal Smolen, Coached by his Dad Rafal Smolen @ 7:21 AM EST in Men's K-1.
After Casey Eichfeld: C1 Slalom, Michal Smolen: Canoe Slalom Athlete & Ricky Powell Qualify For Finals The Schedule is;  
C-1 Mens Finals Begin @ 8:33 AM EST, C-1W Finals Begin @ 9:03 AM EST, K-1 Finals Begin @ 9:33 AM EST.
Team Races are scheduled as follows;  
C-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 11:03 AM EST, 
C-1 Women's Team Races Begin @ 11:46 AM EST,
K-1 Men's Team Races Begin @ 12:07 PM EST

Link to Video  Live & Recorded Runs;
*Note; Some Video may have 2 Feeds, Switch between Stream & B by clicking the buttons at the top left  the video window.

  is doing the Gauley Race?
Ok just bought my first OC1 (Octane 91), but have question.  How do figure out what length paddle need to buy without trying to find different paddles to demo?
Can anyone message me bad Bob wiggins number?
We are only 3 weeks away from the TVCC Annual Ocoee Race! Have signed up yet? There is cap this year and we are over half way there!


Anyone down for meeting up to run the Upper Yough on the 21st? Never been there. Hoping to find someone that is willing to show me the lines.
So actually have reliable roll, but haven't had to use it very much lately.  went out yesterday to the local class 2 run to practice in current just because.  I'm righty and anytime flip on my right side there is no problem at all, pop right back up very quickly.  However when flip on my left side can't seem to get all the way over on my right, it was very frustrating, especially because this is new issue, does anyone have any advice?
Has anyone ever heard  raft guide named "Frosty" the goat man?
Does anyone at Gauley Fest have raft with room for one tomorrow or Saturday? have coworker   is strong and likes good whiskey but doesn't paddle, would love to get him on the water. Thanks!
I have some roylex boats that are worn in spots. Are there any sites that show how to patch them?
Ok just got my first OC1 (Octane 91) and have dumb question.  What's the best way to store it?  store my kayaks standing on their ends straight up and down, but what's the best position for my Octane?
anyone have tandem canoe can borrow for the Gauley Race? was not able to get my Dimension up here
Mat Howes, can bring this to OUT Race if must.

http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=harry+potters+wand
You know your in boaters home when the utility room looks like ,,,,
This Tallulah thread has given me headache.
TO BE CLEAR! The race was not the brainchild  either the GCA or AW....it was mine. have been the volunteer coordinator for the past 6 years. cannot believe just now ungrateful so many  you, on this forum (as know it is not across the paddling community) are for all the work AW, various clubs like the GCA and all the volunteers have put into making it possible for to paddle the Tallulah. The releases would not happen without the volunteers as neither DNR or GA Power have the staff to man the releases so please do not disrespect their efforts.                                                       
 Over the past 6 years lot  paddlers have asked about Tallulah Race. In an attempt to open up conversation as to the possibility  additional releases approached DNR and GA Power about Tallulah Race to bring more attention to the releases and further develop the relationship between paddlers, DNR and GA Power......showing them that the paddling community could police themselves and have race and the releases go off smoothly with very little asked  them. We needed the pilot race to go off without any glitches so the first race would have been restricted but if we got an additional release date for the race we could have relaxed the restrictions and developed the event.   
I still think the race was good idea and am sorry that so many paddlers were unwilling to give it chance but do not blame AW or the GCA. 
This was just ME trying to secure additional releases.
Second day on the yough and working out my rust  not paddling sine being  July 
I saw the darnedest thing;  Jim Michaud pulling his shredder partner into the shredder by his life jacket. thought that be great picture until saw his paddle partner (John) shorts were around his ankle after getting worked at f%#k up fall 
Lol
So no picture haha
Headed to west virginia today for Gauley fest. Anybody gonna be around? Looking to hook up and chill  with some folks. Where is everybody camping?
Getting  this  time year
Louie's first boat?  What shuttle vehicle though
In the spirit  this weeks comic, challenge each  to "encourage" one paddler know to sign up for their own weekly Bubble Street comic. They'll thank sooner than later.
They can sign up at http://bubblestreet.ca/
I overheard guy explaining whitewater canoeing to another gent at Publix in Greenville today. picked up the pace as walked by.
Chris Loomis did such an incredible job putting this together and editing this! He actually makes it look like can paddle :)  (I'm in in the yellow canoe; he's in the red one; Bob Robert Wiggins is in the blue one.)
Does this truck belong to anyone here?  Spotted at the Norfolk Southern training center in McDonough,GA
Thank God the Green, Russell Fork, Watauga and Gauley race are on much easier and safer river than the Tullah. Can picture the restrictions, rules, advanced plannin and organization that would be required to have race on river that dangerous and if anyone had died on those rivers.
Sorry for all the Covert posts but I'm getting bit bloody excited!
FOR SALE. Kokatat drytop. Size LG. Great shape. Gaskets still good. Worn maybe 15 times. $100 OBO. Coming to Gauleyfest. 
  #Ineedgauleymoney
Columbus. Tomorrow . 10ish. If any  y'all would like to come impress us with your tub paddling skills, open boaters are welcome.
Something for all our new friends that haven't got theirs yet.
The ALF OUT race committee has just announced that Tellico will be closed to all but 30 invited only racers. Volunteers will be there to hang out 7 page forms ( please fill out in triplicate) they will also be at the put it tell when can put on.
Not my boat: 
I thought this might be some instructive reading for those   think negatively about Paddling Clubs, American Whitewater, mixing "politics" and paddling, etc.


Anyone else attending the ACA Swiftwater Rescue Conference in October?
For sale: Mohawk Probe 14. Tandem outfitting. Normal scratches, no deep gouges, air bags good, overall great condition. Hit me up with any questions. Willing to meet within reasonable distance....ga,nc,sc,tn area.
I didn't write the following but it is so true and buried so deep in thread felt the need to bring it here"Bill.....................I know remember the days before the political Facebook rants, the over organized club boating wannabees, the unnecessary organizational extremes  the bandwagon, and the so called "relationships" we MUST have with governmental entities   in the end don't give two shits about whitewater or paddlers.  It was once about paddling just for the sake  paddling.  Then the cause heads entered the scene, the masses stepped in and had to give their opinions about everything as way to distract everyone from the fact that they were too pussy to actually paddle, and the rivah became political shit show.  It was once about paddling and nothing more, and it can be that way again.  But in order for that to happen, shit like this has got to stop.  Just get on the damn rivah, sit in your boat, and go back to the TRUTH  whitewater.  Until that day happens, will continue to poke the Butt Hurt just like have at every opportunity on this bull shit thread.  These people are the reason whitewater is dying."
Had chance to paddle and surf on the Nantahala with Wendy Arthur and Mike Anderson on my birthday.  Here is little video  some  my favorite surf spots.
Anyone around WV wanna paddle the upper G today? Headed to the put-in now!
So, Gauley Fest.  's going, paddling which section and when?
Usually it's beer requested to bring south lol
One saddle, one elbow pad and emptied one store  blistex 
On my chores are done time to go to Gauley fest 
Been too long without paddling and my favorite summertime river the upper yough!
While we're on the hard question dodging how did the GDI get formed?
My boat is L'fucked !!!!! Ryan Glasser
So sadly missed allot  the paddling fests that have happened recently.
But thankfully have some sort  excuse.  :)  For why was away.  
https://vimeo.com/138752021     
Enjoy  :)
Hey! How much longer does the back need to be for c1 spray skirt? And how do measure it? Like from where to where?
Oh yeah..
Stephen Walker, Laura, Donna, Tammy can see how this  le Race thing could have gone so much better had all come on here with statement like "we tryin to get extra release day and one idea to do it
Is to have race, what do all think and what could do to help out?"  That is not the way it went instead the little sewin circle from club with long history  pissin off boater joins with organization with long history  shittin on boater and announced that there will be race and the river will be closed. Just because the man pick couple  weak and easy to intimidate groups to deal with on the water release doesn't mean boaters in general have granted the power to speak for us. With less that 5000 payin member and BOD made  of people   want to sell boats, whitewater gear, and boatin book they don't either. The next time have brain storm don't call the AW call the General boatin public get their input, listen to what the non clubies have to say, see what input get from people   don't follow the party line. think it was good ideal and would have worked maybe, even bet had suggested that anyone on the river please pull over and take safty break from 10 to 1030 that ya'll would provide us with some carnage to watch most people would have know would have. Laura it is also clear didn't learn much from last year rant about the beer under the air bag but then how do tell someone sumthin when they already know everything.
Beater Dagger $75

https://www.facebook.com/groups/georgiacanoe/permalink/10153711585457280/
Don't ya'll think the question we need to ask is how many single stickers were in the 30 invited?
There have it folks.
Blah blah blah. Go boat!
I am still confused why AW member have to volunteer at Tullah? pay club due to the AW   has paid staff why ain't they handin out form and helpin the cops bust people for havin been and all go paddle the Hiawsee?
This Tullah race bullshit had GCA written all over it, however if it does comes out that this is the work  the American Kayaker hope    kiss their ass,think they can do no wrong, and represent all boater and  types  boats remember this. Personally don't think even the American Kayker is that stupid......however group  Ga. Buttboaters on the other hand
The GCA has just pulled the post about the race off their page
Boof Sister done went and boof'd Mt Yale.
Hope to see some  Y'all there!
Anyone paddling the lower yough today
 's heading to Cheoah tomorrow and when?
Be advised, if Big South Fork Fork  the Cumberland runs on Saturday, Sept 12th, the road to the confluence Putin will be closed from 1pm to 6pm eastern time due to the road being in the safety zone for the 12th Annual Wings Over Big South Fork Air Show. Show info can be found at 
I felt like Michael Bruce Lewis today cleaning up behind the shop. Made moss "garden"
Come join my new group. For selling backpacking,camping,fishing, skiing,watersports etc. Trying to grow it into nationwide site and users can ship gear. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1418581241771159/
Anyone   ain't goin to Gauley this weekend goin to Cheoah tomorrow?
Is anyone going to the Ocoee early tomorrow? I'm not cheoah ready but want to get quick lap in.
Selling my Esquif L'edge in order to buy 2015 Lrg ZEN to convert. Looks like there are some Zen's for sale at the Ocoee Adventure Center in Copperhill TN. If are interested in esquif L'edge for $860 and in the area or can meet me in Copperhill would be willing to make the drive down from Ontario. 

Also if you're interested and If know  2015 Lrg Zen for sale in your area and not in Copperhill message me.
Looking for upper gauley shuttle this sat will be at u- save 800 am
Have friend looking for bags for Skeeter. Anyone know where to find some?
 se coming to Gauley?
hmmmmm


I am selling my 2013 Lite L'Edge, which have had about six months and paddled half dozen times. It is fully outfitted with really cool configuration for the electric pump, which is built into the saddle. No cracks or welds, bottom is well scraped up, mainly from the previous owner. $1,100.
back in business. they will be Gauley Fest.
Not long now!
Not mine, just posting the link from boatertalk:  
Does anyone have Quake could buy or borrow? have 12 yo   needs that size boat. The Big Dog and Option are  too wide. Tareau too short.
I know GDI and style wouldn't normally be in the same sentence... but check out the comic.
Did anyone lose canoe ?
Need some boater perspective here. 
Planning/scheduling vs. spontaneity?
What's your preference?
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY to PRE-Order!!!

http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/take-it-out-play-with-it-shirt-canoe/

Jan Krause--> You'll be happy to see that since people have only been ordering the Grey swapped the white out for the Royal Blue Triblend. 

Proudly designed and made in Knoxville, TN! 'Merica!
Where does one find the ferrule or what not to make broken Carbon Bandit into breakdown? I'm guessing it'll be spring clip and something or other. Many thanks.
I'm ready, are you?
What was your best PFD this year? Big Brush for me.
Just down the street from Colorado Kuyak Supply.
Dunno   this is going thru Tablesaw, but his canoe had no floatation. #awesome
OC1 finals start at 50:00, definitely worth watch. The wave definitely wanted to spit the canoes out, and some  the best canoeists in the world had zero-point rides as they figured out how to work with the feature that day. The winning rides are incredible when realize how much control it takes just to surf Garb.


I had great times on river this summer, it was the time to spent bit  time to protect my canoes with roof 😏
By popular demand. Seven sisters, sister 3. Powerful water and big boof.
Ocoee is running 1000 till 4:00 today
Drove up to New York this past weekend for Beaver Fest. It did not disappoint. Ran the Raquete, Moose & several sections  the Beaver river. Ate all the food, drank all the beer and raged with all the homies. Here's peek at my Moshier Falls run.
Kayak Take It Out & Play With it Shirts are here in 2 colors! Get your Canoe and Kayak versions now!

PRE-ORDER BY SEPT 11!
Yes…ONLY 2 DAYS for pre-orders. These are limited edition runs so don't wait!


Bill McKinley may be the nicest, most genuine canoeist have ever met! Thanks for being awesome!!
Striding Koontz Flume.  Looking to do it again during Gauley Fest.
I am confused when people think the pump adds value to boat...
If weren't at beaver, missed out.
R u whitewater boater and if so have u ever paddled with GDI member?
Open boater lives matter !
By request....Watch in 1080HD
Viper 12 with dual pumps.
Hi GDI! Is anyone traveling from the Colombia, SC area to GAF Friday or Sat., Sept. 25-26? I'm trying to arrange boat shuttle to save myself 7 hours  driving. Pretty please :-) with sugar on top!
The results  blue angel down the great white slide at beaver fest...
One  the issues when paddle the Octane 91 is if make mistake and run wet line the boat holds huge amount  water.  Looking at the Option at 27.5"  width versus the Octane at 31" it is easy to see why.    The short term result is very heavy boat.  As part  the solution filled in the sidewalls with foam.  The interior width is now 19" versus 23" utilizing less than 2 pounds  foam.  It potentially displaces 8+ gallons  additional water which would weigh 64 lbs.  An acceptable cost benefit ratio.
Sure have just didn't know it so therefore are infected. are in and we are about the most non closed groups will ever meet
yes, whitewater boater, but no haven't paddled with GDI member - someone on Reddit suggested people join the group as resource for good oc1 videos/resources, etc.

Ignore my request if it's closed group only for people   know each other.
Tomorrow is the last Ocoee monday release. Lets go boatin' y'all !!!
Not my boat.  For sale on boatertalk gear swap: 

21 years ago when Chad was 6 this is the boat he did his first solo Tellico run in. Sure it resulted in Seven stitches but it was small price to pay. think there is still some  his blood in it. Chad Lewis
So that shirt for the open boaters you've been hearing about? Well, here it is…
http://www.relisedesigns.com/product/take-it-out-play-with-it-shirt-canoe/

PRE-ORDER BY SEPT 10!!! 

PS- Don't worry Kayakers/butt boaters & Mountain Bikers…I'm cooking something up to show some love too ;-)
Question for the Octane 91 drivers   have experience in both the Gen 1 and 2 versions  the boat.  What are the differences, other than esthetics, between the 2 versions?  Specifically handling, ease  rolling, stiffness, and weight.
I reattached the bulkhead in my Octane after the glue failed on an Upper Yough run.  The screw going through the rear thwart into dowel in the saddle along with inflated bomber bags held the saddle in place for the last 3/4  the run.  What is interesting is how much shear force is applied to the saddle.  Check out the rear thwart screw.
Aus gegebenem Anlass bieten wir Ihnen heute mal wieder eine musikalische Reise in die Neunziger. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Np-3nZe12vw

Wenn auch SIE nicht gelernt haben, sich artizukulieren - noch ist Zeit!
OC1 Final Heat today at 9:00.  Brad McMillan in there in 3rd position.
Watch live here:

Ya'll are beaters.  This dude isn't.   https://www.facebook.com/pierreantoinetillard/videos/10153655893098701/
Anybody recognize this dry bag?
Planning to do my first Gauley trip this year with buddy in the shredder.  We'll be heading up to W(BG)V the evening  Thursday 10/1 and will be looking to paddle the Gauley on Friday 10/2, and the New or something else good in the area on Saturday 10/3.  Maybe hit something between there and Chatty on the way home on Sunday 10/4.  

I haven't paddled any  these rivers or been in the area.  guys come on out and show us some lines and join in on the fun.  I'd love to get more shredders up there together, but we'll paddle with anybody!
Seems like someone mentioned new campground up around the Pigeon.  We wanted to go up there as this is the last weekend for it.  Steve wants to do the SUP  :-)  

Any idea where we can camp?  We will be heading out the night before and will probably make it the  le way, even though it will be really really late
Double boof on sisters one and two yesterday
Some  might be interested in this...a little footage from the last couple  days boating in bonnie Scotland.....
any need to head to the Ocoee
ALF 2014, Ocoee
Covert prototype heading over the pond..
Here is the page with price will have to convert it to dollars.        
Me and Bob out in the "Force" on the Ardezer Schlucht  the Swiss Inn! 

Sadly we missed most the good rapids due to terrible camera work but enjoy none the less its an awesome section  super cool gorged in boulder garden!
Louie, your crystal ball needs some polishing
Anyone want to boat Friday
https://m.boatertalk.com/forum/BoaterTalk/1052524283
Wanna give this weld try Ryan Glasser ?
Way better than an Atom, the Dagger Ax!
I'm interested in resurecting an old friend. Not wanting to go totally crazy with the finish, but to get more pop from the old vinyl layer am considering light overall sanding followed by buffing in some beeswax. Is this an ''approved" method  caring for old royalex? She's quite long  tooth and long term concern is not big concern. Thanks kindly- jason
#Ontherampage #stylepoints #firstlove #northforkbloodbath
Alexandre Gauron showing us the splashy lines on nice and juicy seven sisters  the Rouge this morning
Recovering from the flight. Still has jetlag
After met 5 Meter (16 feet maybe?) Catfish when are rolling
not mine.  

It is easy to see the two canoeist, they are the good lookin ones with the very large ovaries.
New Creeker from across  the pond and it ain't Silver Birches
Cross bow SMASH
Effing Brilliant.  
Really excited now! Quite bit  sanding, polishing and blasting to do then PE time.. Oh yes!
For the baby beaters
Some typical taureau rapids
This is what Yellow and Bullet off Star Mountain near Tellico Plains needs.https://www.facebook.com/groups/155102024614079?view=permalink&id=318676931589920
Have buddy here in SW MI   is selling his probe 14 with triple saddle setup. He's asking $750. It's in nice shape...red. can give anyone interested his email
I was only three at the time. and not in this video
Anybody know where can watch recordings  the ICF oc1/c1 freestyle heats?
The Bags fitted perfect. Thanks to Blackfly. Ready to go rolling
I haven't paddled in 7 years. was up to IV level paddling an Ocoee. am now going to paddle again. am 55. What recommendations do have for me to be able to get back to doing one  my favorite creeks, South Sauty (solid IV) or should readjust my sights.
Has anyone tried using Plasti-dip to paint/repair their boats?
Anybody up for lil' monday madness Ocoee run today? Not many more mondays left...
Keith Clark Jeff Richards Ryan Glasser
Need to get some airbags for the Shacho.  Not just the bare minimum. Would like them to be the right size.  Any ideas?  Would get 48" or 52/54"?
Welding practice on dagger nomad....(. No guarantees Tweedle.)  Took two hours to get the roofing tar or whatever was inside  the boat out so could do my best
New set  bags for Scooter
My option is still bit shy. Here he takes look in to his new habitad.
Stolen boat in Knoxville, please keep look out
Happening now on the Ottawa river. Watch the live heat  oc at the 2015 worlds. https://www.worldfreestylekayakchampionships.com
Mexico muy pronto
a pretty cool technique...i wonder if this guy makes paddles!
Perfect shipping
Travis II Overstreet commented that was old school smooth, consider that one hell  compliment from WFO GDI especially with all the sabaticals have taken since began paddling whitewater canoes in 1993.
Less than 1 year old Harmony bag from NOC
Would this work on drytops? Airbags?
Barbara and have our 38th anniversary coming up September 3rd and  then her birthday is September 9th. want these two events to be extra special for her... Open to all suggestions! ":-)
Breakfast after coffee and throne time.
King is that at 6:03
Chris Beck, have seen tear it up, want lessons!
F'ing alarm went off an hour early, oh well, might as well make the beast  it.
I an proud to be member  GDI and will endeavor to make the group proud!
Various buttboaters commented to us today on the Upper Slocoee about the number  Tandom open boat on the Slocoee yesterday. were noticed
Tandemonium was great fun! Wade and had dry hair day and hit the meat on everything except Double Suck. Remember the idea about Nevafull? Well, that 92 is blast Always full  water. Wade was treated to dinner. He dumped the boat for us multiple times. :) Great paddling with everyone. Video and pics are coming.
If anyone is interested here is the schedule, and link to watch live video for next weeks Freestyle World Championships. OC1 prelims are on Tuesday at 8-9 am. (Its good way to avoid actually working on Tuesday morning) The Canadians, Germans and Americans are looking good out there!
So my johnson 1250 bilge pump has become slow. Is there any way to clean it or what? have it out  the boat already
I can't explain WHY the saddle is glued unevenly but it is. Any suggestions on the best way to unglue the right side (leg hole area) and move it up so that it's even with the left side?
Decisions decisions decisions. Fishing float trip OBJ to Nemo, Upper and lower Slocoee or Green?
 's in the know about the free single blade instruction August 29 on the Nanty?
Let's get this how to tie up your boat on your trip thing out-of-the-way so we can move on to whether to hide your keys on your vehicle or Carrie I'm with on the river have story about couple  28-year-old French-Canadians
AWESOME OC clinic by Travis Overstreet today!!!!   More to come.  Too hard to type on little phone
Older school.
anyone know good source  lithium ion battery packs
Should give her the tire shine ? Or no ? She's been dirty girl.
Kids paddling gear for sale.  My son has outgrown these. Size 6 nrs booties $15, sea to summit size small paddling gloves $10, and Camaro shorty wetsuit size kids large (60 to 90 pounds or so) $20. All great condition. will be at the ocoee tomorrow if anyone is interested. The booties and gloves will fit small ladies as well.
I don't know the answer to this question so thought someone here might be able to help me. What would be fair price for Savage Skeeter - decent shape, includes airbags?
Corran Addison is lookin for name for Tandom buttboat so many came to mind but Dumb and Dumber keep comin to the top,  course that would cause lot  fight between the two paddlers in it.
notice the steady yankee hands on the camera
Caption for sale on boatertalk (not mine) 
What  is with the Zoom? I've been boating since 1990, with  my primary summer employment being video boater on the New and Gauley, what is with this thing? twitchy as hell, awful when full  water, any advice?
Carlie and picked up our 92 last night. Thanks  Blackfly Canoes for making such sweet toys!
I am selling my Astral Green Jacket,PFD ,S/M worn maybe 20 times,it's like new,no rips , tears or loose stitching. ..it come with an NRS knife (just can't get it out).it has some slight staining on the inside from shirt wore. ..
$185.00, can ship.
I am working on surfing skills this weekend.  paddle lefty and find that when my boat starts to angle left in the wave, its really difficult to turn back to the right.  paddle an Octane 91 and Viper 12 on occasion.  Any advice?
Wondering what can do useful with your old canoes?
Anyone know the "supposed" location  the precious?
What is the longer swim all  Insinificinces  or both mini gorges on the WFT.
new shuttle ride, maybe?
Keith Clark here's the Whiteface boof asked about
2 new OCtanes in the truck.
also near roanoke, va --  this new wave acrobat, expedition layup acrobat. 200 bucks firm. great downriver sternsquirt machine. hasn't been paddled since late 90's, stored in shed. i'm 200 lbs and never could really bow squirt it on eddylines. great stern squirts tho. edgy as three peckered goat but wings wide enough for good stability. took it down sect iv few times, ocoee, kennebec, dead, sheepscot wave lot. bought used in maine in '91. busted it up creeking in maine and then repaired it solid (needs gel coat). also, backpack straps: epic outfitting
Maybe the first time this has been OC1'd since psyco Dave back in the day. Happy to finally get enough rain to give it go yesterday.
Nathan Zumwalt this is Iron Ring at about 800. was probably foot from the potential boof rock at most. Not much to see due to bad camera angle but get an idea  the hole pit.
Anyone wanna meet up? Katelyn and are Staked out at the NOC playhole for the next 2  days while katelyn demos the new rock star and jed. FB msg me!
Rafts would flip in the put in Eddy
selling slasher -- 200 bucks firm, good condition, near Roanoke, VA
Little sticker porn for you......
Anyone boating new river this week need shuttle
Sweet stretch  downriver play on the West Fork.
Hey guys do any  my ocoee friends know kid named Nathan mcflure or McClure drives Toyota Camry convert able black need help locating this guy!
North  Morgan Falls in metro ATL, Bull Sluice Hooch
caught from canoe
Low water wonder
Here Bob Britt this one shows the mass better  :)
Here is couple for Bob Britt since know u like fishing
Anybody wanna go boatin tomorrow?
Finally got around to finishing the karma C1 believe ill try it out tomorrow.
Met two guys from Israel camping with canoe and no car....so had to talk to them. Turns out they bought canoe in Jackson and have been hitching from there all the way to Yellowstone....just them, their gear and canoe. Now that's dedication right there!
We had ranger come up on us at diamond splitter today. Discussed proper safety locations on the river and let us know he's checking out the regular spots now. Just heads up.
Borrow son in laws trailer and this is on the fender and he don't even boat
So I've looked and looked and can't seem to find history  OC1 descent  Reedy Falls in Greenville, SC. 

Anyone got any info on this?

Philip Prince, do know?
This is not mine, I'm just posting the ad from Boatertalk: 

Behold! The fabled side-laced Fall Line Bomber Bags. can't wait to get these out on the water!
Just finished several laps after several beers and scrip benzos including linked on and off side 360's without hitting the coping.
again with the dynamic duo
Nice move...
Is anyone paddling upper hooch this afternoon after the rain passes?  Steve Brock Vince Zappia Noah Taylor?
Wade Lucas & Noah Taylor on second slide
Great day on the Green with big but solid crew. Thanks to everyone   gave me info, let me follow them through rapid, helped wrangle my boat, and/or somehow or another contributed to make it an enjoyable experience.
Update on my $100 ww tandem canoe project: scored two brand new float bags for 40% off. Now need cheaper alternative for gluing the D rings into the floor.
Run out below the second slide
Am blinkin?
Rich Moore
Eleven years ago Alex Vargas did his first Ocoee trip at the original Louie Fest, he wasn't natural, or even fast learner, but he has learned. Oh he hasn't missed Ain't Louie Fest yet. Video  days anniversary run on the WFT to follow and as usual for all the Yankees they will be short shakey and out  focus.
 's in/near Fayetteville WV this evening?
Anybody OC2'd WFT yet? I'm assuming 92 was used if so..
I hear Alex Vargas did?..
Soon very soon
Anyone in the Asheville area   was at the Ocoee today or tomorrow and could bring mountain bike back from raft outfitter please PM me as soon as possible. Beer compensation provided.
Does anyone know about the Cartecay at 1.8?  Worthwhile?
A little Colorado Gem-with Robert Wiggins
Anyone interested in meeting up for an ELF run on the Upper Gauley tomorrow? Looks like it should be between 250-500cfs
Anyone out there paddling WaveSport Mobius as C1? Thoughts if are? Thanks in advance.
Beater moment leads to Clutch roll  the month for me, definitely got little skeered while under water on this one
Would it be better to store Spanish Fly standing on it's stern, or laying flat on the ground?
stolen from Chris Loomis. swimming stouts in Mejico.
(Possibly) FOR SALE: one beat as hell blue option, will come with beat as hell, but still badass, bomber bags. Looking to sell my old one (still fifth Gen) and get shiny new one sometime this fall, and I'm trying to line everything up ahead  time so don't have to go without boat at all. Boat has no cracks as  yet, although it is possible for that to change- if it does crack details can change, and it will be welded well. Bags are faded and have some wear spots, but still have many many miles  bomberness left in them. Boat will be for sure available after green race, possibly sooner for the right offer. If can't get enough to make it worth selling here I'm going to leave it in Mexico in December, so drop me message/offer/talk to me if you're interested and we'll work something out.
Wiggy post that one with the big drop and swim. Where they say"get your shit"
I stold this picture but have no plans to make any money off  it
Alex this year at the race at ALF how about everyone is required to swim at the finish line! Wouldn't that give the SWR people heart attack
Philip Prince
Thoughts please.. for newbie.. Mohawk Probe 12 vs. Bell Prodigy X and any and all thoughts especially including stability.  Thank you!
For those that thought C1 was something new. ;-)
In search  some  these D-rings.  Anyone know where we can find them?  We need to do some outfitting and re-outfitting.
Heading to Ocoee be there about 2:30. If Anyone would like to join.
WFT tomorrow, another non Ocoee weekend.
Anyone have any spare Bell spraydecks for Prodigy with vinyl?
Some original Kevlar prototypes rotting in the dirt behind Clarke's outdoor center in Connecticut. Photo records for the Museum
Anyone know where the production Quake mold is? know it is glass mold. Michael Bruce Lewis?
Want to buy Octane 85!
Anyone down for some Ocoee on Sunday? I'm looking for someone to boat with on my way back from NC.
Ocoee, Double Suck. This is what call the triple boof line.
Daxton at Rock Creek in Chattanooga told me that Pot Hole Paddles made good paddle when returned the Aquabond. am an older gentleman according to Bill McKinley... What do y'all think would be the best paddle for me.
Just trying to pass on some old school paddling love.
Dedication
I am looking for an old worn out drysuit. Lg-xl. can repair it. Cheaper the better. Dont let that old drysuit gather dust. Hook me up with it!!!
Could use cedar to make my thwart for c boat?
Chattooga - 2.3 Today
This is shot from the river left bank at Lava Falls tis past december. Video by Adam Goshorn
If have vacation today might be the day to take it. Stuff around Wartburg is goin
conasauga river in Ga is showing 787 dropping at 63...... think it would be canoeable today but sounds like its dropping as fast as it flashed up.
Tellico?  Low but doable anyone going?
More rain please!!
Sigh, boating.  There's some good #Wookscat action toward the end  this Green lap from February.
Saturday need to get out and paddle. Can tag along with anybody on the Ocoee? might be shit show but gotta do something harder than the nanty/cartecay to de-stress
Ok. Need some help. was given an "old" Old Town 16 ft canoe. I've also been given the challenge  turning it into tandem whitewater boat for $100 or less. Granted it's not the hull for any real whitewater, but mainly I'm taking on this project for fun and to learn about outfitting and such before waste any real money. installed the p cord for flotation yesterday. Now need to find way to either make my own float bags or good safe substitute without breaking the budget. So far I'm in this for $5. Any ideas?
First few days in the new Octane 91 fresh off the aluminum mold. Footage from West Fork Tuck, Green Narrows and bonus Rocky Frog clip at the end. This boat is load  fun.
Thanks Matt Todhuntertodhunter for the awesome poly dowels
Big Kahuna at splashy level.
I mentioned that was putting bulkhead into my Ocoee to Michael Bruce Lewis.  He said he couldn't remember seeing an Ocoee with bulkhead before and to please post picture. So here we have Nova Craft Ocoee retrofitted with wood gunwales and thwarts made by Vince Zappia and Matt Todhunter bulkhead.  Need to get another set  airbags because these are not quite large enough.
I think may have already been GDI,  but it was officially confirmed by Bill McKinley today.
This poor poor boat...
In 1986 was bagage boatman in Costa Rica working for Bryan and Kelly Wham  Virginia. All those two and Ron Mullen could talk about was John's Creek in Virginia and how it was going to open to boating any day. understand they open it and few other in Virginia up last week.
https://www.facebook.com/mtnh2o

My girl and started an apparel line. Cool, hand-drawn t-shirts are to start, more gear coming in later! Give the page "Like" and share it with friends to stay current on our designs!

Yes I'm kayaker. Some  these are kayak-based shirts. But we're working on new designs to show knee-riding swimmers and beaters some love!
Marcos is that snake in that tree behind you? Oh we will stop at the & W for root beer float BTW.
The senior ranger on the Ocoee ask me to do some PR work and get the word out about the new fence at the downstream end  the commercial parking lot.  He said that so many buttboaters, ok he may have said kayakers are takin out there, which the ranger don't have problem with, however the Tennessee DOT has received lot  complaints about people with buttboats coming up from
the parking lot and instead  using the gravel trail beside the road are walking the white line in the curve down to their car parked on the shoulder ( bet it is mainly buttboater's from Ga.). So the DOT said if the Rangers can't stop it the DOT is going to put up guard rails and do away with the parkin along side the road below the commercial bus parkin lot. The Rangers don't want to see that happen, not out  love for buttboaters, knowed him since 1981 and he
likes buttboaters about as much as do. The reason he told me he didn't want it happen was that he counted and there were 33 car there today and if the guard rail goes up those people will just be findin other places on the river to park causin him new head ache. He said keep parkin there just carry your buttboats up the bank below that big curve. So if people keep walkin that white line in the curve it goin to be lot longer walk because the DOT will put up guard rail and do away with all that parkin. noticed there is already new trail up the bank been cut below the curve. Just tellin what he ask me to put out.
I have no idea   took this picture but it appears to be copyrighted
Bill Mason with the GoAmateur prototype
Can someone share link with me on how to wire battery for single pump.....thnx
Thank !!
Ocoee tomorrow , be there or be square.  's comin with me?
Just feeling the river today... Like my heart beat...


Low water
going through old pictures, found this good one  Philippe on Habitat 67
Gift from swimmers
  is going to the Ocoee tomorrow
OK can we at least all agree he has the right type  paddle?, Even if his chose  craft is in question?
Anyone seen this before? 
Anyone know   was in the canoe?
Asking for friend, is there park and play in Northern Alabama ?
Katelyn's first ALF is shaping up to be very memorable paddling with the GDI.
Introducing.... The Green Squirter!!!
Upper Nantahala this friday. Anyone going?
It is things like this that make me happy went to CR with Esprit. Good job Jim, Barbara, Martin, Eli... Esprit and GDI represent. See one day in Mexico!
Ok the damn thing is cleaned up
Good Old daze when we were not cool enough to be on Fb.
#Esquif #Surrrrrrrf
Beatdown Bucks!
 will pay Dollar to hear Hollar while getting it handed to you…in hole…I mean paddling….I mean in boat…..not butt----boat!
PLG's wife
Usual stuff + Loomis Judd Charli Rich Jason lines at Hammer Factor
Rich and took advantage  late afternoon shower to run our favorite local gem, the Rocky Frog at pretty rowdy flow. Enjoy!
Recently moved from MN to Richmond. Itching to get on some new rivers. Thinking about making trip to the Gauley, New, or Upper Yough soon. Would be nice to find some other cboaters to boat with. Anyone around to boat?
FAILED rockspin. Ocoee River
So, in an effort to raise funds for new to me boat, am selling off some very lightly used climbing gear.......I can offer pictures and more detailed list for anyone interested.........items include the following

2 harnesses
2 fig eights
1 rapell rack
2 ascenders
Several several caribeaners  the locking variety......and some shoes.....that should fit size 11......
Thanks
Per the Louie's request..yes King this is  fun and reasonable level to run. did not post earlier here in GDI because it shows Kayaker's (and know that gets overwhelming negative reaction).
I am intrigued by my short time in the Esquif Zoom.   Felt like wildwater kayak.  No stability when still, but go forward leaning on chine and it was fine.
Anybody out there seen or made ww solo/tandem switchable outfitting?
I have vertige x that the last owner had set up as solo trad. want ww outfitting, but in someway make it usable as solo or on occasion tandem.

Any ideas or photos?
Sooooo, was trying to save for brand new octane but am getting very antsy to ditch my first and only boat......my very well loved impulse....

I have found ledge fully outfitted for $800.00 that I'm about to jump in however I'm hesitant due to the cracking issues I've heard si much about........I hope to paddle this boat for loooong time since money for boats is not in my budget.......hence paddling my impulse with fiberglass and gorilla tape for the last 4 years.....

So, do jump on it?

Someone make me an offer on different boat?

Thoughts?
end  an era. 
What do u use as stock to weld plastic / where do u get it?
This evening dreamt was flowing through the mountains  Western NC on bed  chocolate milk. In August. Yup, had to be dream.
Would like couple comments on how the Blackfly Octane 91 compares/differs with the Ocoee? like the Ocoee, but ready for another boat. weigh 240lbs.
Beware! Outfitting Post! I'm going back to having the airbag lacing behind the foot pegs but can't remember how in the hell it was done. Can someone post shot  theirs?
Anybody interested in doin the Columbus course in the morning, meet us at the take out 9:45ish.
Howdy! Anyone thinking  Ocoee this Saturday and Sunday? should be there :D. Let's do some surfing! Shawn Malone, Matt Todhunter Noah Taylor Michael Bruce Lewis and the remaining 1,959  you.
looking for some straps to outfit outrage. If any one has any they wanna get rid  or knows where to find them on line Thanks
Blackfly Canoes Demo Day! Come by the Nanty all day Sunday August 9th and try out the new boats. See ya there!
Many safety break was taken today on the tower in honor  our buddy Carter. So bummed that couldn't make it to Apex for the service but know that he's with us in spirit so here's to Carter! 
(Can't hold up real beer on the tower so this will have to do)
Lost paddle on ocoee name number on it please call if found. Thanks
Anyone going to the Ocoee tomorrow?
To Carter Worthington
Just finishing up most amazing weekend with an old friend. Thank so much Nancy for an incredible time!!! (Great break from canoeing and work)
Sometimes, kayakers CAN canoe.

Yesterday, RVA local kayaker Cooper Sallade decided on whim to borrow an open boat and ditch the skirt for an evening lap down Callaghan Creek up north in beautiful British Columbia. In doing so, he joined Fall Line team member Robert Wiggins on the very very short list  people   have open boated this world renowned, classic gem  run. Here are some highlights from his lap.
Where do yall get buckles from? need lap belt buckle for c1
ME for $twofiddy

I'm new to open boat paddling and had question. How would an outrage x be for learning to open boat? Realistically will never be beyond class 3 any time soon.
Paddle Canada Instructor inspecting canoe and kayak tie down procedures
Seriously guys ... how are going to untangle this mess? Albright Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, NY.
Check this out: the new blog about canoeing and all things involved! Trip reports, technique articles, training advice, river reviews and more. This is just the start, more to come soon :)


Ok....time to confess..  is this?
Matthew Thomas raised an interesting question and one hadn't considered before. How many  all have never seen the savage advertisement Corran did?The one that almost got him lynched by most  the female boaters in America
Tellico tomorrow?
Anyone willing to introduce me to the Ocoee tomorrow?
Ruben Martinez didn't draw, and Abel Valdes didn't rudder..and didn't care! ;-)
Does anyone know the low flow cut off  the Nolichucky that's still passable? Looking to do it with some friends   will be in duckies this week and want to know if we'll be able to make it down. Scott Curtis
Anyone got an Octane 91 handy they can pull some dimensions from for me?  will need them by this evening.
Ear strach.
Michael Bruce Lewis.....
Northwest livin' at GDI approved levels
Just tad bigger than our Octane.
WTF?
Head Bobs at their finest
I know lot  the buttboater have been missing videos from this river, Terry Smith in particular here is Tellico in August.
Any input on how flying squirrel is as C1? I'm in stomper 90 right now that is getting pretty beat up. Looking for something with bit more speed.

Dave
What type  glue can use on my bulk head that I'm building??
They followed me so close didn't even have time to get the camera out.
Outrage is sold!!! Big thanks to everyone for all there help....
which line to take now?
looking for older wooden canoe paddles..Dagger, Bailey, Silver Creek, etc
Wen is ALF scheduled for next year, and is there page somewhere dedicated to it?
If missed it at the ALF film festival, or just want to see it again. Filmed in the US and Mexico.
Philip Prince
Does anyone know guy named Couch, works at Quest guiding rafts?
Ocoee today anyone?
here is one  the successful attempts slowed down
I'm outfitting C1 boat, anyone have lead on cheap 3" minicell foam?
I made canoes look good right after making them look bad at Zwicks rapid on the Green yesterday. In good GDI fashion more or less.
Keith Clark swum the  big one. But it was OK he practiced for it by swimmin no name thing up stream
WFT was running at 2.7 today; couple inches higher than usual.
Just say Jon Lugbill flying down the New River gorge
Waterloo Access Workday was big success! Put in at Spring Creek Gorge (near Cookeville TN) was restored after flood damage. Good times with some cool volunteers, immeasurable goodwill with the landowners. Stoked!
Finally found the sweet line in flight simulator. Wasn't till my four run that could get
It with out those teeth jaring bounces. Really pretty smooth but
thin line between too far right and where Pete Dolan parked half way down it
Made this out  my old Probe 11... If anyone has any boats that don't float anymore let me know, I'll make it into something cool, rather than letting those old memories collect dust.
My wife and went up to PA to run the Yough. Everything was running high, so friend showed me cool microcreek outside  Ohiopyle. This is Fike Run. It is definitely worth checking out if can catch it. Sadly my battery died during the last mile.
I'm looking for solo rigged whitewater canoe for my son's birthday.  Any ideas.  Mashon 423-667-1454
WFT Saturday
HEY-Step up and support One  the finest persons  and Canoeists -DBriggs
Possible first oc1 descent?  the Balls to the Walls section  the Cheakamus river, near whistler, BC. Sending it off the 20 footer that's the entrance to the good stretch.
This is the Tellico Plains Library Sandy. We got the kick'in-ist Library folks on earth here! She has her serious face on here! Normally, there is big smile on that face! Way to spend summer, don';t ya think!
Section 4 tomorrow anyone?
Come on, ladies, let's represent.  's with me? Oh, too, guys.
Got another batch  these printed up. More fun new colors. Same classic design. even remembered XXL guys this time. Find me before they are gone.  Colors are red, blue & brown.
Steve and Wade in the 92
Anyone wanna paddle the Ocoee with me tomorrow? Im flexible with the time and logistics.
I might look myself later this week, but is anyone familiar with the uppermost Soque River gorge that is just west  Lake Burton and LaPrade's? Micro-scale, but it looks like enough basin and gradient to show drops. Probably National Forest.
Question: How fast does the Ocoee drain after they turn the water off at 5pm?  am looking to put on around 3:30/4pm on friday and am wondering if will make it all the way to the takeout?
  is the culprit in the Blackfly about minute in?
I need advice.  literally cannot be in the saddle  my L'edge for more than 15min without losing all feeling in my legs from the knee down.  believe this is due to the upper part  my leg pinching the lower part and cutting off circulation just below the knee.  I've cut lot out  the saddle already and I've tried raising the seat in an effort to reduce pressure on my knees.  None  this has helped...  Thoughts, ideas???
Hey, I'm wanting to trade my Romanian AK-47 for canoe, it comes with red dot, fore grip, five 30 round mags, 640 round sealed spam can, and whatever miscellaneous ammo don't shoot before trade it. Let me know if are interested. really want an open boat!
Viper 11 w/ wood gunwales for sale - $1200

I am selling like-new Viper 11. It has 22 river days, 16  which were on the Grand Canyon where it didn't see rock. The factory gunwales and deckplates have been replaced with wood gunwales, and the saddle is Blackfly saddle with thighhooks. The boat is in great shape, and has been garage stored the last two years. First pic was before installed wood gunwales, second pic is afterwards.

The boat is currently at my parents' house in NJ, but if there is interest can go grab it at the end  August. PM me for more details
So am trying to locate vynabond in the can. It seems to have been discontinued? need to glue some anchors in some royalex boats. Mondo bond from harmony doesn't seem as effective. But even it says its discontinued on the harmony website. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
How should fix vinyl bag with some abrasion damage before it's too late?
Finally made it home with new Octane 91 Demo. Look me up if want to check one out. I'll be at the following events during the next few weeks. 

Ocoee river Jam  July 31st-2nd

Asheville Demo Day. August 9th. 

Ocoee Carnage Party August 9th in the evening. 

Atlanta Demo days August 14-15ish. 
 

Peace.
The new 91 looks fantastic.
Anyone have any J hook racks or stackers they want to sale?
King Lewis look how turnt up we are in bburg
What rivers or creeks compare to the west fork  the tuck? Would love to step up some but don't want to bite off more than my capability!
Check out Ocoee photo's 7-19, can get rail grab thru double trouble ;)
Gettin' it done.
Interesting read on new government rules regarding guide pay


Full Ocoee trip and should be home by 1330. Life is good
So I'm heading up to Maine from August 15-22. My friends rented house on the ocean in the south. would love to hit class 2 or 3 river while I'm up there and wouldn't mind driving couple hours. Anyone up that way   would take me out? Thanks!
Phillip Milion yano the French Canada kid   had the good comeback to the ranger on Daddy's creek
Seems some Green River narrows regulars can be the most arrogant river people i've met...the ones most arrogant act like they have never swam anything or will cut someone down so they feel bigger...
Yes, some people do get on this river fast and run the big ones fast, it's their decision to assess their risk and choose if the reward is worth it
maybe its that the boats are better and some people learn faster than others...
Still most river clicks are weird this one is no different...there are not so many  us boaters, that don't swim
 — with Green River.
Is that Officer Wiggins in an Ion or Dave Humphrys in an Octane 91?  

Suicide Rapids, Pettawawa River Ontario.
Ocoee anyone?
Wishing was getting some summertime Tremont today...
Rodeo still has heartbeat....  It ain't dead yet
Witch one  those canoes  are the fastest... Esquif l'Edge or Blackfly octane 91
wait for it....
Is anyone from Quebec City coming to Upper Yough Race this weekend, Beaver Fest, Gauley Fest, or headed over to the Ottawa first week  September?
has anyone had experience with the Roanoke River at Weldon, NC at good flow? Looks like possible ender hole?
Any one see line?
Probe 14 for sale.  Good condition with good bags. $1000.  Pictures won't load so pm me with an email address and I'll send them that way.
Upper and lower Ocoee early start, good creek trip speed? Tellico just dropped out for me good .9 for others   will go lower than 1.4
For anyone   would like portage device to get the canoe off our heads check this out. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1425739625/kayoke-a-lightweight-compact-system-to-transport-a#
Question: What's easier to learn how to roll? An option or the detonator?
I think it is safe to say that all can thank this man, Frankie Hubbard, for revolutionizing the canoe industry and hull design.  This is pic  Homie at Rock Island circa 1999.   Homie almost always had dry hair day.
Russell Fork is 312, about perfect. Negra barraga, Keith Clark, Matt Todhunter, Lost Tribeities ? Could push my first summer Ocoee trip out to August. Charli Kerns ever done it in real boat?
  is going to tellico 
 today
If this show up upside down that is how it was sent to me
Our family and friends whitewater weekend on the beautiful Gatineau River in Quebec. Enjoy!

Vimeo version:
Did the Tellico get any rain today?  the gague is not moving.  Will it run friday?
Yellow option for sale in the north east
Friend lost his meds (and boat).
Chester Takasawa the brace monkey
What is the best glue to attach minicell to PE?
Anyone paddling today and where?
Found us pretty good creek by accident, Shawn Malone fired it up first.
Saw this on Carter Worthington page but was unable to "share" it - 

Join us in celebration  the amazing life  Carter Worthington on Saturday August 8, 2015, 4:00pm at the B&B Country Garden Inn in Apex, NC. We will have ceremony to start, then chance given to anyone   would like to share remembrance, or words  inspiration. Immediately following, there will be an open house reception and BBQ.
Parking is limited so please plan to carpool.
This is an outdoor venue.
Semi casual attire & flip flops encouraged!
Tellico in July
The company work for needs to buy some PFDs. We don't have much $ to spend. The cheapest mti brand type III we can find is $60, but we are ok with buying used if they are around half to two thirds that price.
Canoe Slalom American and Canadian National Races
If you've not paddled Spring Creek Gorge near Cookeville TN, should sometime. It's beautiful. We have workday to improve the access on August 1 (see events).

https://www.facebook.com/groups/126573741014360/
All this rain in WV, time to finally get the big-water boat together. Thanks, Matt Todhunter, this is gonna work perfectly for my NRG boat.
BZ falls at "too low to run". Went smooth and didn't hit any rocks either day. 

Also known as "wishing was lefty"
A friend is looking to demo an option on the nanty this weekend. Coming from Atlanta. Anyone with boat available.
58" Thule bars for roof rack. know need them to haul that canoe around. Make me an offer.  Brand new.
Low water fun at shepherds falls on the lower wind, and the first time I've gone bareback (or without drysuit period) since left the southeast.
Hominy Creek only 3 miles from my farm mount nebo west virginia
pumps were sucking each others water so had to move them apart.
Gdi levels in the pnw still manage to provide great day  boulder dodging, stress free boofin. The hardest part was finding local   wasn't level snob.
Norse is making newer style canoe blade. Anybody else try these yet?
TRR provides recreational therapy opportunities for veterans and active duty military personnel  ALL abilities. http://teamriverrunner.org/
WLOS Charity Challenge - PLEASE vote for TEAM RIVER RUNNER ASHEVILLE   can vote:
1) Individuals registered on WLOS.com
2) To be eligible to participate in the promotion, participants must be North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia or Georgia state resident   are 18 years  age or older and reside in the WLOS-TV viewing area.
How often can vote:
Voting period: July 20 - 22. .Voting is limited to one vote per IP address per day. Duplicate votes will be disqualified. Facebook “Likes” are not considered votes.
That is ONE vote each day for each registered user PC! Pretend you’re from Chicago & vote often!
How to vote: Go to 
http://wlos.upickem.net/engine/Welcome.aspx…
Click the Vote tab
Select TEAM RIVER RUNNER ASHEVILLE & Click: Save Vote.
Get your boof on.  Option + Green = HEAVEN
For all full figured guy   insists that are too big for the new plastic boats here is one that fit and looks like canoe and not bathtub.
Spark For Sale, $800. Kaz saddle, Esquif double straps. No bags.
Improvement suggestions? What glue do y'all recommend for knee brace straps? Thanks for feedback!
Scouting rediculous runs.
Anyone experienced in which airlines take on canoes (intercontinental flights) or how hard it is to mask canoe as "surfboard"?
I have good friend that put some holes in his pe sit on tops. Need advice on welders, rods, etc. Or if any one does repairs please let me know.
How would this work for boat builders?
Stephen H Edwards, Marcos, Ana, and myself all agree this is   shame to put this saddle in this boat. got 15 min to come to your senses
See on the river my friend.
Anybody have rachet backband? am looking for one please.
Middle Channel  the Ottawa River with my 10 yr old son Warren.  Thanks again Jim Coffey for the loaner boat and safely getting the rest  my family down the river with the help  your excellent staff.
Upper and middle on the Ocoee tomorrow meeting at the middle putin at 1130
  has good swim carnage videos?
Couple  crazies going over Baby Falls, Friday, July 3, 2015!
Double trouble on big south. The gopro does not do this drop, or the hole at the bottom, justice, but can get the picture. Such quality run to finish off my time in Colorado. Hopefully there is shore based footage as well.
On my way to the big south (fork  the poudre), often called the best run in Colorado, for an afternoon boof session. 11 miles  drop pool wilderness class 5. #stoked
Pumps as in more than one. Down and dirty 15 minute installation
Anyone from Chattanooga gonna be at the Ocoee Saturday?
Dolphin doin decent rock splat!
I will be drivin back through Ashvages on Sunday. Charli Kerns get Chads kilt from the male Boof sister and meet us somewhere can't talk directly to the Chicken Shit
https://youtu.be/YpQAGjYGraY 

Little fun with the last rain.
Lou just checked Greenbrier, it is running 1.8 as  8:30 am. He is on his way with Brent to run the Little and will be there for several runs.
Hi all,
   My good friends at Turkey Creek campground, Mike and Ramelle are needing some help cutting up and removing some trees from the campground... Ramelle isn't able to help Michael as much due to back issues.   If anyone is in the area that can help or knows someone   might be able to help, please do so.  apparently they were hit with strong winds and rumor  tornado in topton which uprooted some trees.  thanks for any help!
OMG! On the Nolichucky! Way to go, guides! just wish Sally had been guiding there instead  the FB - I'm sure that bear cub would have looked great in purple!
Anyone want to paddle Bailey Canyon tomorrow? "Thursday". Got two man team. Wouldn't mind third person.
Looking to get bunch  different color welding rods. Does anyone know good source? 

Dave
Hayne Bryant is looking for WW canoe--ya'll got anything for sale?
They dries  the pigeon have water in them
Is anyone coming over to the Green or Asheville this weekend   could get skirt to Chad Lewis?
Last Wednesday was Tellico with GDI and some newbies.
Thursday 2 raft trips on ocoee.
Friday 1 raft trip then 2 laps tellico with guide buddy
Saturday 3 raft trips 
Sunday 1 raft trip (gotta rest sometime)
Monday 2 raft trips
Today nantahala with some beginners one  them definitely future boof sister.

That makes 7 in row if there is water tomorrow can bridge the gap between rafting days and make it to 13.
Chris Loomis and Judd Lefeber both crushed really high upper big creek run their first time down.  Strong work dudes.
Anybody creekin in the am in east tn. tomorrow?
Y'all might want to take look at the gauges for the plateau and smokies.
Might let this one go for $800. 3rd gen, blue option.
Just found this in box  old rags....., there's no telling how old it is !
I found this drawing on friends timeline. Obviously an openboating woman.  like it!
Cabot Anderson, you've come long way...no longer FNG.
I'm loving learning about all the canoeing events... But what is OAR? Thanks in advance for indulging newbie....
Racists
For those    have placed orders for ZapPaddles please be patient. At nearly 40% moisture content one  the important wood species is still too moist to use. It'll need to be down around 11%.
Today at Esprit Rafting we took WIlly,   has no mobility from the chest down, down the Ottawa River today.  Whitewater Rafting was on his bucket list... checked off the list.  Shout out to Martin Breu for expertly making WIlly's dream com true.
We are at juncture with our Scenic River and Blue Way development project in Tellico Plains Tennessee that we need lawyer that is seasoned to help us with ROWs and easements for the putin/take outs and camping locations we are planning along the Tellico River. Any suggestions river sages? Thanks guys.
I'm just gonna drop this here.....
Tonite married the girl met on river 18 years ago.
Biscuit & Bella in the boat with us.
Just for Big Al
Alan Andrews
Now imagine this made with appropriate parts being Graphite with two pontoons Beer holder on it with tow behind small tube with mesh core! real waterbug!
Anyone boating in the southwest Pennsylvania/northwest Maryland area tomorrow and/or Tuesday? Class 3-4 creeks preferably. We ran Fike Run Friday, Little Sandy Saturday, and Stoneycreek today. Up for something else tomorrow.
The installer has even most detailed disclaimer.
Put Air Bags in it except for (2) 112 inch painters it is ready for you. Marcos needs to armor all the gunnels deck plates and hull also.
Stephen H Edwards do not remove one piece  foam add all want take none away. It going to be hard to stabilize this saddle.
Thinking about doing Tellico tomorrow, looks like it will likely be 1.6+. Anyone interested?
Looking for company for Tellico or upper/middle Ocoee tomorrow, Sunday. 10-11 meet time at either put-in.  I'm driving from Atlanta and buddy is already camped at Thunder Rock. Will be bringing shuttle goddess to make life extra sweet.
https://www.facebook.com/greg.murphy.7777/videos/10153515406768987/
Driver ask "How do get there"
My reply "Follow that truck"
Does anyone with Prophet recommend it as first boat for small kid?  paddled one years ago and remember it being squirrely, prob different for 70lb kid though.  Any thoughts appreciated. 

Someone offered one to me in trade but it's 5hrs away so we haven't test paddled it yet.
Tellico 1.7 but it is July
Ok it's not paddling related but these slabs purchased from mill in Telico plains!
Great spot to Check out as they also make slab furniture!
Everhart up but the great little bakery
How's this for canoe ad in the Atlanta CL.:" Epic Canoe - $500   

Grumman canoe 17 foot. have used this canoe throughout my life. Even after my wife left me with the kids and dog, it was still there to comfort me. After lost the house lived in the canoe for 4 years. Fortunately the government couldn't find me while evaded them for missing child support payments. During that time floated down the hooch all the way to the Amazon river where wrestled an anaconda and caught the elusive west Nile virus. After month on the Amazon river decided to paddle back up stream to the states. After week  paddling was ready to cross the Rio Grande. This was not an easy task, but after evading border patrol, ended up on the Mississippi river. Making my way past many steams boats stopped for spell. After regaining my strength, returned to my canoe to find that pirates had taken it over and were sailing it towards the closest recycling plant. The canoe being Made from tin would have set the pirate hefty profit and then they could have had several pints  ale with the crew. Acting as quickly as possible, took the closest steam boat and began my pursuit. Knowing that they had 2 paddles, knew my work would be cut out for me. After catching up boarded the canoe and unleashed the dreaded west Nile Virus upon them. After reclaiming my only property paddled to the Chattahoochee where am now. This canoe will complete your wildest dreams as long as have the heart to chase them. accept cash. That is all.
Gold ball
Pumps? No.
Was at paddle shop the other day and asked my 6 year old son if he wanted to start paddling whitewater on his own, and pointed to some kayaks. His reply (without my prompting) "No way - kayaks are evil". From the mouths  babes...
finished
Hiawassee dries are runnin at 2500 tomorrow. have run it once at 1500 and once at 5000. Both  these were so long ago one was in an OCA and the other was in an Encore. On the 5000 run in the Encore, we had Diana Holder and Rise Calloway with us. This was Diana first time back on whitewater after she had drown on the Watauga and Sherwood had to do CPR on here and bring her back to life.%000 on the dries was pretty good reintroduction to whitewater. Diana's ledge on the Watauga is named after her. figure would let all know how it got it name before some johhnny come lately wants to change it to Diaper pin or Baby powder or something like they did with Hamburger on the Tellico. Oh ya anyone want to go with me and Clark tomorrow? Cabot Anderson, Jeff Richards
Another boat theft!!
Anyone want to sell their dark green Option?
Going to try to make 2:30 Tellico run if anyone is interested.
The longer look at it..... The bigger it gets!!!!
Overland falls  in Alberta (33ft) 
Great day with few butt boaters
#barrelnation
Anyone here ran Henson in the past? Great little unknown Colorado creek.
In Connecticut.  $350.  


  wants to take day off tomorrow Wednesday and show me down the Tellico ledges for my pfd?
Hiawasee Dries are runnin KKeith Clarkis lookin for someone to do it tomorrow. It looks like will bite the bullet and do the upper and lower Ocoee this weekend unless we get
More rain
Any glasses wearers have any suggestions for river glasses? have the occasional lost contact lens when get face full  water...
My daughter had to rip off half the blade for her daddy, gotta love it
Pyranha is having contest for t-shirt using the hashtag #ThisGirlCanoes...just sayin'
Ive got some sweet old school Mad River Canoe bags. 
Make me an offer. 
Look brand new.
Will throw in some free bags that leak haha
Anyone have canoe for sale?
Have local TRPC member looking for beta on TN.  Heads up in bound
Slick edit from Jake Trotter.  Some different angles from sick day on North River.
Lost an Astral Brewer right sided shoe on the Nantahala on Friday last week.  Grey color, size 11, with maroon lace.  If anyone found it will pay for shipping and reward for its return.
Ed Ed Powers your pedestal is headin north. Marie-eve Bôchamp half  your elbows are also
What great week! Seven straight days  boating!
Cheoah release, Ocoee, chattooga 2x, Part  Citico creek, DoubleCamp, & Conasauga...

Thanks to Louie (for river info and taking me to church lol another Canadian first??? As well for storing my slabs), Nolan & Sudi, (for having us in their beautiful home amongst their great family) John & Liz Deardroff, Amy & Dickie for dinner and another beautifully completed home!

I think pixie says it all!

Footnote: Marie-eve Bôchamp, Michael Bruce Lewis,gave me one elbow pad only :-/
Ed Ed Powers, got your saddle. Wayne Gulmantovicz, didn't ever get that close to the 2fun boat - sorry dude!
  is paddling today and where?
Tonight we raise our glass to Carter!
Werner Bandit 56" for sale. 
$55.00
Used by right handed paddler. 
Still lots  life left. 
In Boone, but will be in Asheville Wednesday night.
Found adrift by some friends on Clear Creek ( jett-nemo )
Forest services was notified and no missing persons are associated with this as  yet.
Had food and other items but no contact info.
Share and lets see if we can get this back to  m it belongs to.
Some afternoon fun with my baby girl.  Raising them right.
Please message me with comments or suggestions!
Whites Creek visual?
Doublecamp creek today 

  got personal first D over the last four days or even true first D. know Cabot got four and Chad got one.
This.
Tellico 5.2 and the Obed is 12800. Island and LCC should go.
And about 4 to 6 hours expect big spike in Tellico it was raining so hard from Conasauga falls to Telico cars were pulled over. Ditches along 68 heart overflowing across the road
  knew this week I'd see more rain then at ALf?!? Seven straight days  boating! Could make it right before rippin back to Canada (minus Quebec lol). Today off to the pumping Conasauga!
Had great run with Alex leading us (Charli Kerns, Cabot Anderson, Rich Miller , Pete and pod paddler   didn't get his name(sorry)) down stream. Thanks to John & Liz for the shuttle and taking Pixie for hike. Oh yes, Louie hope had fun digging moss & ferns ... They do look good in your gardens!
Sometimes things just work out. Today got to run true, quality first descent right in my back yard. I've been eyeballing this run for quite while after fishing this section. Earlier this week, Jake Trotter, Joseph Alexander Gudger, Jon Oody, and myself spent all day putting in ton  work to clean this run out, thinking it would be months before we would get to run it. However, an epic and rare summer storm had other plans, and we got to run it today. Not only did we get slide off its sick water jumps, but it gave us the opportunity to make some rain gauge correlations that will help with future runs. Stoked. Here is short edit  some  the bedrock slides at the top. Joe and Jake also styled the first slide, and I'm sure have some epic go pro footage  doing so, but it was not captured on the bank camera.
Headed for Greenbriar. It's 10:45 and we're on 74 in Sylva. 
Join us, won't you?
Lost canoe paddle on the Ocoee. Last seen at Humongous. Carbon blade and lower half  the shaft, wood shaft and t-grip. Name and number should be on it.
Telly..
Anybody going to citco,doublecamp, or conasauga today?
Pour rain LC 1330 put in for Conasauga if any late comers care
Conasauga is right at foot just got bridge visual from Fufu
Might head up to the Ocoee on Sunday,  if it's going to be below 3000 cfs 
Anyone have any idea if it will drop to 3000 or below by tomorrow?  It still looked pretty high from pictures posted this morning.
Could the people   reposted the news article about Carter take their's down. Since it is inaccurate it is very upsetting to the family.
Thank for your consideration.
Damn did Big Creek into the Ocoee run? That is killer run
Anyone have any knowledge  levels for the whitetop Laurel?
To anyone present on the rivah the day  Carter Worthington's passing:  close friend  the family contacted me and asked for report  what happened.  Apparently with all  the chaos they have not been able to receive an accurate report  the incident and do not have many direct contacts within the paddle community.  To anyone   has accurate and first hand accounts  the incident, please contact me and will pass over to the family representative.  The family is truly grateful for any and all help.  They are hanging in there and surrounded by family and friends.  Thank you.
Does anyone have any information on when/where memorial service for carter will be held?
My recollection  events:

I arrived at Greenbrier around 5:30 to see if anyone was there doing late lap. didn’t see anyone at the take-out, so drove out to the park boundary and sat waiting for anyone to show up. saw David Mc pull in few minutes before 6, so followed him in to the third pull-out (above wedding beach). We chatted, then headed back to the take out parking lot. As passed the last rapid right before turning into the lot saw Carter floating. He seemed to be holding on to Greg Murphy's boat. thought he was simply swimming him to shore, but soon saw that was not the case. His crew (Greg Murphy and Vince Davis), and another man (Barrett)   had swam across quickly started CPR on river right. called 911, and within minute Chuck Hester (the Greenbrier Ranger) showed up. had already put on my gear, and as soon as Dave Mc got across the river threw them rope. At this point they had been performing CPR for about 7-8 minutes or so. They got him back in PFD, clipped in to the rope then Chuck and pulled them across. Chuck and myself pulled him ashore and within few seconds started chest compressions while Chuck manned the Ambu bag. We felt gurgles here and there. This went on for few minutes till another ranger showed up (Steve Kloster). Steve took over compressions from me. Within another couple minutes Gatlinburg EMS arrived and started an AED, then loaded Carter into the Ambulance. 

Greg and Vince stated that at one point he was semi-conscious and said something about "floating", but quickly went back out. They could feel him breathing somewhat off and on when they were still on river right, and noticed him moving his lips even from the other side  the river. Luckily we were in the flatwater below the take out rapid, which made evac easy and efficient. His partners had stated they were on their second lap  the day, that Carter had been having good day full  smooth clean lines. He had seemed bit tired during the second lap, and seemed especially sluggish as he dumped his boat between Wedding Beach and Take Out rapids. Carter has pump installed in his boat, but apparently did not have charged battery today. His crew stated that he was entering Take Out rapid and simply turned over. He was not underwater for great deal  time. His crew acted fast to get him to shore, as did Dave Mc, and Barrett. All NPS/EMS staff were on the spot with follow-up care and evac. Within half an hour  the ambulance leaving we got word back that Carter did not have pulse when he was placed into the Ambulance. Preliminary exams showed no water in his lungs, and ER docs stated it was likely heart attack or Embolism that caused him to collapse. 

Please get training in swiftwater rescue and CPR. Consider taking WFR course if it is within your budget, especially if paddle in the wilderness.
What's the best way to keep prescription glasses solidly on the face?   use neoprene Croakies that fit pretty tight on the temple/arm  the glasses.  Even with this system my glasses somtimes get pulled almost all the way off my face when get beatered in hole or roll in reallly fast water.  Short  using ducktape, what else do use?
Having hard time deleting this email...
All the boating did today..... Like literally, all the boating did
Tellico back up to 5.96 and it ain't rolled over yet
Just had thought! CMT has Carter's paddle hanging in their main building (he was pretty excited about that - got free room for it lol!), that means we get to see piece  him every year at ALF! That thought makes my heart happy, hope it helps everyone else cause know we're all hurtin.
Conasauga it seem to be unless get visual that Ocoee's big creek is going
Say, this playboat thing is pretty fun!
  is paddling what?
Fantastic day on Cain / N. Chick.  Thanks, David Dehart for showing us the lines, and thanks Noah Taylor for coming up to boat with me!
Are the trees out  the road along Citico?
Did hurrican hit North Carolina and some one forgot to tell us? We don't normally have rain like this in July. Steve Arnold thanks for bring the rain but could have left the cold weather back in Canada
Where to tomorrow? Lemme know so can go to sleep in time.
When kayaks follow canoes...
Chad Lewis got true first descent today on river he has been wanting for long time. 600 ft per mile section  north river. Wednesday this week they cleaned 3 miles  it  wood. Starts out with three 30 foot+ drops into mini gorge then the rock type changes from bedrock to boulder garden type run. Video to follow
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close  day;
Rage, rage against the dying  the light.

...

Wild men   caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

               --Dylan Thomas
Everyone on the New River Gorge will miss you, Carter Worthington. My story with is too short, but it will be memorable.
For anyone   wasn't there, this is the text received this morning containing more details  yesterday's tragedy. 

" The family wanted everyone to know the truth about what happened and one  the people on the trip told us at the meeting this morning. He ran two laps and at the takeout said he was very tired  and slumped forward in his  boat face first into the river. They got him out immediately and. Began CPR. He came to and they asked him if he knew where be was and he said he was floating. He lapsed back into unconsciousness and they resumed CPR. Ambulance  was there within 5 minutes and took over but were unsuccessful."
Anyone headed to wildcat
Tellico real high. Cittico stupid high higher than the huck day the kid from Etlanta drown. Double Camp almost runable. Conasauga in Tellico Plains would be the run
What are everyone's thoughts for runs tomorrow and Sunday? little early to know what all will run, but thought I'd ask.
Tellico 5.99 @ 0815 can say Wildcat?
https://youtu.be/jI7M2ELPtro
 's gonna be at the tellico tomorrow
SUP sponsons
The River Funk & Caney Village have confirmed and will be playing awesome jams all weekend. The raft stage at OAR is reserved. Riverside, reserved. Pavilion, reserved. Rain for creeking, reserved. Fireworks at Sunburst, check. Tacos, check. It's gonna be an awesome weekend. Bring your boats, beer and gear.
Pigs
Has anyone ran vallecito creek (Durango) in an open boat?
After another fun day  paddling with good people; we're hanging at another beautiful spot.
Don't try for Citico
So hear there's some water in 'nooga..   is boating where tomorrow?
Someone show me down conasagua creek
Looks like Cittico
Richland is flashing up right now.
Tellico 2.08 and goin up fast
I don't believe it for minute but Clark is talkin Cittico or Conasuga as back up
  needs canoe.....
Even square sterned PE fishing canoes need some occasional welding and wood work done
Tellico at 1330 and don't give fuck what the AW page says
Bob Britt have ever welded Old Town PE? Kinda strange plastic
Cane Creek at Fall Creek Fall at 1000 and going up this can't be right can it?
3.5 to 4 inches  rain between now and Saturday. That much would save gas money by not making the drive to the WFT necessary
UY tomorrow?
It appears this thing will not die. have piece  it in my Comanche
For the Canadian constituent
J&B Paddles out  West Point, MS....are they good paddles?
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fvimeo.com%2F113459170&h=-AQExJ-Eq
Anyone interested in dagger venture 17?
Another fun day hooking up with John & Liz Deardorff on the Ocoee; heading to Chattaga (so alert:))
Tonight hung with Nolan & Sudi - very cool
Cabot Anderson can take Steve Arnold somewhere tomorrow?
Border crossing was the worst ever; the cars were lined up for inspection in every bay so lost an hour! Wow that's the most flooding I've seen just south  Detroit! Cars way off in the fields, in the ditches and some facing backwards up against the median. The ditches were like streams!
Also Lots  construction on i75 ;(
 too. But   cares I'll get there when do Ist know I'm on vacation!
Rain stop just before Dayton
Has anyone gotten visual  the big creek at the pigeon?
In case no one noticed the gages are going up very fast.
Ouch
Greenbrier 2.2 and rising
Greenbrier or big creek this afternoon,  's in?
Can anyone get boat from Dalton GA to Northern VA or the Yough?
Steve not move would expect comservetive to make.
Up to 3 inches  rain in places  East Tennessee. Steve Arnold screw the Chattooga today boat local and go there tomorrow.
Inside ...
Surfs up!
i put the battery in tonight.
Steve Arnold, Cabot Anderson, Keith Clark,  Stephen Rayfield, Alex Vargas and your "Students. It seems may have lost the rest  yesterday's footage, had it all.....wait minute did down load it to my tablet, so it might not be lost, but the tablet is having some difficulties so it may be few days before get it up. Sorry guys this computer shit is greek to me.
double flush.
Ed Ed Powers saddle is goin north with Steve Arnold when he leaves. Marie-eve Bôchamp same thing with your elbow pads
http://www.theinertia.com/mountain/this-is-so-fcking-scary-kayaker-gets-stuffed-into-a-sieve/

Stay safe out there.
See below...
Yakima roof rack, used on 2013 Honda Civic. With Q towers, clips, crossbars, and faring. In Charlotte. $200
How low can Baby Falls been run in kayak?
Lime creek (first gorge) today was pretty sick, despite the lowish water. Adrenaline falls is something else when see it in person. Another 6 foot wide creek for king Louie and southeast boys.
Very cool day on the water yesterday. 
The 8 sq mile watershed for the Rocky river(of Chatham County) got 3"  water night before last. 
The first guy that dumped me in an open boat (BillC) called yesterday morning and said let's go, so we did 
Ran the Upper section with Bill and couple other locals that grew up on that river. Don't think I've ever seen 2 guys drink so much beer and chain smoke dry cigarettes all the way down river before!
Dale Briggs and Pamela Francies Maynard, Cory and Coy joined for the Lower and the Bitch  hike back out. 
We had to get off the river for huge thunderstorm to pass for about 30 minutes about halfway down the Lower. 
Slept real damn good last night!
I'm sure Dale will post short, shaky vid  my entertainment later.
Rolling into Friendsville late tonight. Where the hell do paddle tomorrow with all this water?
Considering selling my Orange Option, good shape. Yellow Gaia airbags w no leaks, Bob Britt saddle w integrated pump.  including the battery  charger. Come w both regular and wide thwarts$1200 
Atlanta area
Cabot Anderson Keith Clark, Steve Arnold is thirty minutes out. RR track at 0930, then boat launch at 0945.
So what if it only gets 5 miles to the gallon?  How many canoes could fit on/in this thing?
My sweet heart Pixie & are on route to Louie's then Cheoah!!! Yahoo; lovin life so let the fun & week  rivers begin,....

Besides its got to be warmer then here at 14 deg  :D
I noticed that the USGS gage only got to like 990 today. Be nice if that was tomorrow level as well. am talkin Cheoah
Cheoah this Sunday anyone ?Followed by WFT next Saturday?
Hi, what brand to airbag recommend? see there are nylon and vinyl, which is better?
Starting week  rivers - yahoo!!! 
At the latest Sunday on the Cheoah and the earliest is Sat on the Ocoee.
So   all might be on the Ocoee Sat???
I'm r2ing the cheoah Sunday, anyone else planning on going?
howdy...
Anyone near Sec IV have set  Bomberbags they could lend someone for the weekend? Usps is slow and I'd really like this fellow to have bags to use this weekend. will compensate for your generosity. PM me asap and will put in touch with the Guy. 
Thanks!
John Baron Duncan should Cliff Cliff Denson invite over for beer please go. two will enjoy each other's company
Little Tennessee before it became Tellico Lake
Necky Blunt C1 conversion
HYPE - “The Blunt is all about serious creekin'...the blunt excels on everything from technical low volume steep creeks to huge volume flood runs. The Blunt has great speed for making those tough ferries above the big gnarly, and nails eddies as if your life depended on it. big safe cockpit eases exits on those rare occasions when its time to punch  the boat and swim.”
SPECIFICATIONS - Length: 8'2" / Width: 25.2" / Volume: 76.1 gal / Cockpit Length: 33.9" / Cockpit Width: 16.1" / Paddler weight: 143 - 243 lbs
honestly, this boat moves & feels like an old-school whitewater canoe - stable, agile, comfortable - in an easy-to-transport (former) kayak hull! That's why bought it. just have to thin down my "stuff", or I'd hold onto it! (complementary "frankenskirt" included) $250
https://cboats.net/cforum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=7969347

Not my boat.  Barely used Skeeter for sale in WV.  $700 with flotation.
Ocoee in 79 and 81
Does anyone make breakdown paddles anymore, can't find any online?
Not my boat, but I'll fetch it for you....
Mexico in 2000. Saltos and Alsacan. That is Psyco watchin Chad run El Illuminiso and lookin for his own boat he lost on the drop before
French Broad Tandon in 1976
David Young, Michael A. Patrizio was really more  buttboater than canoest.
Buffalo in Arkansas 1976
BSF 1981
Gauley 1983
I'm going to be in the hills next Wed-Sun. 
Planning on running Upper Nanty laps on Thurs. 
I think the 4th is Sat.  's boating where?  Ocoee?  Louie, in?
Man boating with the squirters.Old school!
Five open boats miss the rock, one buttboater lands on it. Early Ryan Glasser and Cabot Anderson
Watching the news: they were talking about the escaped convicts. Running video  the search, car went by with blue Option on it!
No words... except it's one  the funniest things I've ever seen
"The day after his wife disappeared in canoe accident, an Anchorage man answered his door to find two grim-faced Alaska State Troopers. “We’re sorry Mr. Wilkens, but we have some information about your wife”, said one  the troopers. 
“Tell me! Did find her?”, Wilkens exclaimed. The troopers looked at each other. One said, “We have some bad news, some good news, and some really great news. Which would like to hear first?” 
Fearing the worst, Mr. Wilkens said, “Give me the bad news first.” 
The trooper said, “I’m sorry to tell you, sir, but this morning we found your wife’s body in Kachemak Bay .” “Oh my God!”, exclaimed Wilkens. Swallowing hard, he asked, “What’s the good news?” 
The trooper continued, “When we pulled her up, she had 12 twenty-five-pound king crabs and 6 good-sized Dungeness crabs clinging to her, and we feel are entitled to share in the catch.” 
Stunned, Mr. Wilkens demanded, “If that’s the good news, then what’s the great news?”
The trooper replied, “We’re gonna pull her up again tomorrow.”
Big Creek: Lou just called reporting 3 feet at top  bubble and 2.8 feet on the straight line  the gauge. He will wait there for Brent and Rick and Seth to show up. Likely do 2 runs
Greenbrier 4 feet
Oh be joyful living up to its name
Got this home last night. One D ring, some lacing and gluing the saddle down is all that's left to do.
Original "Louie Fest" sticker. 2004 Ocoee.    wants piece  history? Notice they included two bladed skirt wearers that year.
can anyone recommend FB group newly-minted whitewater kayaker in the Knoxville, TN area can connect with? (my niece is getting into whitewater!)...Thanks!
I want to add some racks to truck cap. Looking for suggestions.
Alright boys come get your paddles. They are at OAR in my cabin. Tod Vann Noah Taylor
Any  y'all headed to WFT Saturday? If so, post what time might meet up in case and friend can join you.
Learn lesson XD
Never celebrate to early. But it was one  my first roll`s
Tod Vann needs to get his 2 repaired paddles from Suwanee Ga to OAR. Anybody headed that way this weekend?
Anyone going to WFT Saturday?
Half double blade half single single blade.

https://youtube.com/watch?v=kpj7pxMS9ts
So now that the Ark is the highest its been in 20 years (and still not at its peak for the season), finally understand why there arent alot  open boaters out here. the term "big water" is bit  an understatement
If sign up to receive the comic by email, you'll be sure to never miss one and it's FREE! Go to bubblestreet.ca to sign up.
A email sent out from Bruce...
Anyone out there have l'edge or octane they are wanting to part with?
 's going to be at the Ocoee Saturday?
Oh be joyful put in
New options, on great open canoe in composite lay up!!!
I didn't think wenonah ever made kayak. What the hell is this?
Free canoe
https://www.facebook.com/groups/georgiacanoe/permalink/10153480451667280/
OK, so it wasn't an epic outing, nor were are there any videos or pics, but with all the rain we've had lately was able to get out to local creek after work yesterday. love boating!!!
1977 Seda ?
 Guy   restored it is looking for any info on the name  this model.
Seda doesn't keep records  serials from that far back.
Shuttle vehicle
Anyone headed to UY any time soon from the south?
Noob outfitting questions: any  the pros here have suggestions on hip padding for an Ocoee? Also, any recommendations on how to raise saddle and foot peg assembly couple inches?
Matthew Purebeater

 Time for name change my friend.
Got friend heading out to grad school in Wyoming soon.  She's Gonna be looking for some friendly open boaters.  's out that way?
Don't think I've been this psyched for new piece  gear since got my first ww canoe. Can't wait for my Zappaddle!
Second video attempt from aint FQCK fest
Work in process lol


Finally got around to trying my first video 
ITs from Aint FQCK festival


Perhaps some  all can relate.
I think this will make fine canoe to fish from, what do yall think ?
Ok, know it doesn't really count, but.....
Pulled into the play wave at NOC this afternoon. Right next to the 4 kuyaks  se total volume would fit in my front air bag. 
Said "excuse me, I'm just gonna peel out and get out  your way."  Proceeded to pull onto the wave for quick surf that immediately buried the front  the Octane into perfect ender. Landed on my side, rolled up (kinda sorta) and pulled away with my pump spraying steady. 
Swear to God, it felt like knew what was doing. 
No video, didn't happen. 
but I'll be smiling all the way back to flatlandville tonight!
What glue should use to stick vinyl ring patches to triple laminate polyethylene hulls on some OT Discoveries. I'm thinking the red can weldwood will work, but I'm not sure. Thoughts? Input?
A boat from the last 1000 year time period
more plastic Options~looks faster then most around-at 60 lbs?
Wicked Wanda on the Slate
Anyone going to the Cartecay Sunday?
I use to love taking him to the Tellico in the summer when he just first started boatin......I didn't feel as bad about the number  swim he was goin to have.
What is minimum cutoff for the watagua river. Thinking about an elf run but would like some input. Never been on it below 180
Matt Haughee airing out the boof at big wood falls on daisy creek, and first person perspective  the same
Shawn Alexander was asking me about where my ION went to. told him it lives in Minnesota where the Saint Louise River is always flowing. hope to make  trip out there this fall. shawn here is video from this river, it completely misses footage  2  the biggest rapids but shows lot  the rest. 
Not my boat

Team Edge weed eater belt ? Why yes, thank you, think Frankie would approve  this ingenuity :)
Anyone down for late ocoee lap tomorrow? Put on at like 2 or 3? If not may just shred it.
Randy Travis and G/flex. Might bust open the Old Scout later. Damn good Friday night.
 's posing the Ocoee this weekend?
Not my Boat, but pretty rare...http://atlanta.craigslist.org/nat/boa/5063340621.html
OK go to Google Earth and zoom in on Baby falls tell me what see.
Anybody use one  these?
Just picked up one for work.
Crested butte gas station. Not my tag
Beginner rip down in Nova Scotia Medway River. Still getting the hang  the pyranha prelude but not too bad run !
Is the WFT running June 20?
Tellico today? Bob seems to think there is stream up that way worthy  paddling. Anyone care to join?
Check out the cool new waterproof drone / camera that uses GPS to automatically follow around and take aerial video  your paddling adventures.
Why did people dislike the everlast bags?
Wednesday and Tellico is 1.7 and more rain before the weekend, ya it is highly unlikely but hope spring eternal. An option to the Slocoee with out having to drive to Ky.
Looking for good used boat. Esquif or Blackfly preferably.
Staying in Tri Cities tonight.  Unfortunately leaving at 11 AM tomorrow so not enough time to hook up with anyone and do the Nolichucky.  :(
Anyone wanna trade viper11 for my xl13
Tellico today anyone?
Dr. Philip Prince at the notch
Monkey Spankin....damn that just sounds kinky don't it Dr Philip Prince
He should have gone in the cave. Philip Prince the drop is only part  runnin this rapid
Howdy! Anyone have an ABS canoe like an Ocoee or whatever that may borrow for attainment practicefoot couple  weeks? line in Asheville and drive to Knoxville. Michael, believe have Zoom.
Looking for used whitewater Open Boat....I really like the Esquif L'edge or the detonator....live in the metro Atlanta area.  Hit me up if anyone is selling boat.  Also willing to trade for whitewater SUP that have.  Corran Streetfighter.
Lost, forgotten and then disappeared...
You guys talk about the class 3 Upper Yough lot, figured this'd be the place to ask.

I'm Green local and butt boater  'll find himself in the area the 1st  July.

I have, with my amazing detective skills, discerned that release is scheduled said day.  However am unable to find exact time frames.  Also, where might find adventurous companions to join me on my quest?

Sincerely,
Your Beater.
Rubber pushers ain't always smart, even if it's "canoe" rubber. #beaters
Not mine, but might be an open boater's.
Tracy Hines discussing Alabama whitewater, love for canoeing, and being American. #Alabama
Tellico at 2.4 and Watauga is 243
hey, y'all coming?
East bound for first Green trip  the year. Another weekend  no Ocoee. If the Russell Fork were to run next weekend followed by the WFT and Cheoah can push the Slocoee out till Seond week  July
Pulled the drain plug and let him drown...
Did furtrapper  Philip get the eddy my facebook feed would suggest?
Dr Philip Prince at Zwicks. remember this was the Doc first time on the Green......in the Spanish Fly
Cabot Anderson see why they call it Hammer..........
Just picked up my 1988 Dagger Dimension, the Royalex seem far better than Esquifs...anyone have any old Dagger  stickers?
We had some fun the other day. #twoferfun
How PHD in Rocks preps broke boat for green trip
Found this little guy getting resirced in small hole on the upper ocoee today, scooped it up an gave it open boat ride to the bank
Dr Philip Prince at Hammer factor
Omega the end
jm,
Cabot Anderson first time runnin Zwicks....hell first time runnin the Green
Should have done the Boof doc Philip Prince
Black water falls down in the easy part betwixt Col. Dicks and Hammer Factor. Easy part? Will guess all things are reletive
The pause that refreshes........right below Sunshine where Safety is always the issue at hand or in hand
There's photo  the hull for you.
Anyone know   was taking pictures out at gorilla today? (June 7)?
Michael Bruce Lewis how was the green?
Philip Prince almost went right...backwards but then went left
then he headed left
Cabot Anderson at go left, he went right
Alpha the begining
Marginal Monster on Overflow has new wood
Best shuttle ride in while... 140 mile round trip to the Ocoee for some C1 playboat action....
Much better
Ran gilman gorge  the eagle today at very very high, very rowdy flow... it was awesome. 
The open boat crushing in Colorado continues
How do people carry spares in an Octane 92 btw.. my usual place on the sides behind the sidewalls is too short to get my two piece into. Any hints or ideas?
Okay, think have the funds for some Fall Line Airbags.  

I want to make sure get them right though.  have seen some airbags with extra pockets.

Can ya'll tell me which pockets have, and for what reason, plus if could do over, which pockets would add?

I'm pretty sure would like pocket in the bow, to store sunscreen, ear and eye drops, etc.   Contemplating the Spare Paddle Bag, but not sure how easy it would be to use, versus other options.  What do ya'll use your Stern pockets for?

Any info greatly appreciated. big chunk  money and want to do it right.

Can message me if prefer
Someone hit the Norse paddle mother lode... anyone interested? at 29 EUR pop, bet these would even be worth reimporting to the US for anyone looking for an indestructible paddle. They double as excellent personal protection devices as well. In Germany.. 


Picked up plastic welder now need some broken boats to practice welding  / get welding rods from.  Anyone around Knox, Ocoee, Cleveland, chatty
Pass it around, it is for good cause....... have no idea what it may be but dammit is is good cause.
I'm going to be in Taos New Mexico in early August without boat for some family stuff.  Does anyone know any open boaters out there   wouldn't mind bumming me some gear and showing me down run or two?
I'm looking at Dagger Impulse... Any thoughts on this craft? Good for beginner? Thirteen footer...
Anyone coming north soon?  UY run,  maybe? 
Need ride for new canoe saddle made  by Matt Todhunter. Gracias!!
Daughters Frankenboat is almost done. She is getting nice new Ridge Spirit saddle thanks to Matt Todhunter!
The homestake race has now been canoed, and kayakers here in Colorado now know what an oc is capable of.
Startin' em young. Time to up your game, canoeists.
A short boat with some glide at last. It looks like the bow just pops over stuff.
Lookin to get my 9yr old into her own boat....she weighs about 60 lbs.........anyone got sidekick or something similar?
I have youth Astral Otter PFD for sale in good condition if anyone needs one..  $40
So, Soapstone Valley Creek goes with only three/four wood portages--I had to put in bit lower than what would have liked.   This was major elf run but the class III III+ drops all had plenty  water and were loads  fun.  That said, want an inch  rain in less than an hour and want to put on while the rain is still coming down pretty hard.  think we can get to  those three drops cleared out though--it would be some work, but worth it as they are in good drops.
Some Scottish Ditch running...
Russell Fork is runnn at 204 CFS.....just sayin
Old school.....
Alright Keith Clark here it is with the Cascades releases all  them from 1600 till 1900 weekdays only except for the two in Sept. NOC set them up this way so their guides could boat after their raft trips. The good thing is that they are all barefoot weather days.
note: Paul Scriver was the co-pilot on this comic.
Does anyone have 91 octane that my friend can demo Sunday ? He lives in Chattanooga and I'm going to take him to the nanty to paddle it .
Good times in wet wales with me uncle Bob!

Summer time Russell Fork run? 300 on it is kinda sweet
Lou's visual at Greenbrier shows 1.7
Goods. Come over, beaters!
https://vimeo.com/109590110
The Sickline racecourse.....
I'm really liking Jan, Matt and Bob's go pro European footage.
Low blast down the Guisane...

Boulder gardens in Tessin


Saying as guys are digging it. Some more Euro boating. This time little micro creeking........
Finally little from the UK. Our training run.....


Creeking in Tessin


Conasauga Fall another offspring  mine has ran this......twice
Tellico              1.49
Obed              1270
Watauga           273
For shift less worthless type   don't have kids and job, or do have trust fund. While can get down all three 273 is about perfect on the Watuaga
I have new AB paddle with white blade.  Need to cut it down in length and trim the blade so it isn't too large for Kailee.  She is 10 and only weighs about 70 pounds.  Also need to take out T-Grip and reinstall it on the shorter shaft.  Comfortable doing everything except the T-Grip.  How can it be taken out without dama
