Penrith Whitewater Stadium was purposefully built for whitewater kayaking and canoeing.

Paddlers from near and far make their way to Penrith Whitewater to take on the challenge and fun of  grade 3 rapids. 

From juniors beginning on the flatwater lake through to advanced grade 3 paddlers, Penrith Whitewater offers a variety of courses, lessons and activities to suit all levels.

Sam Drevo, Eric Southwick and I ran 3 lines off Grand Falls at low water filming 'Royal Flush' - a
 point on the river right of center, the crack beside it, and the fishladder. The fishladder was
 very shallow at the landing.
  

  and Patti Rutka, John Brower, Suzanne and Gary Cole (TCs). 
Report: We have lead several 3500 releases on the Dead River and in mid September, the weather can be lovely and warm like this day was, or very cold and rainy as it has been in the past. We had a good group of 12 sign up for the trip. We talked with River Drivers to ensure that there would be a shuttle and that there would be enough room on it for our group. As we were having the trip participants sign the trip release form, we found that two members, who had not called, wanted to join the trip. We queried them to find out their skill level and felt confident that one of them would be fine, but wondered about the other. With further questioning, this person said they had a good roll, so we said “okay.” We did emphasize the importance of calling the trip coordinator ahead of time so the trip coordinator can vet the participants on their skill levels and know who will be showing up for the trip.

 We rode the shuttle into the put in and experienced Andy's skills backing the bus with trailer all the way down to the put-in. Amazing. We milled around a bit getting ready and put in. While we were gathering in the big eddy at Spencer Stream, we noticed that one of our trip participants had swam. Although we did not see the incident, we were told that a raft had knocked him over. This person was having difficulty getting his boat out of the water, so we asked if he had air bags. The answer was no. We proceeded to tell him that he could not paddle the Dead at 3500 without air bags. That if he swam, we would have great difficulty getting the boat to shore and it may take a very long time. He was not happy with this news, but he understood the reasoning behind it. Then his friend, who is a more experienced boater, told us he didn’t have airbags either. As it turned out, the two who had not signed up for the trip ahead of time and one person who did, had to take out at the put-in because they were all riding together. Fortunately, they were able to catch the River Drivers shuttle before it had left the put-in area. The trip itself was a ball, although we noticed there was considerably less water than 3500 cfs. Some favorite waves were flat and there were play features that were new to us. We only had one minor swim that was a result of playing. The day was lovely and we arrived at the take out exhausted from having fun
After spending the night in a small cabin at Seboomook Wilderness Campground at the top of Moosehead Lake in Northwest Cove, we left two vehicles at their boat ramp which would be the take out for our planned Moosehead Lake traverse. Our shuttle south to the starting point included its own adventure. In Rockwood, we encountered a large pot and spilled debris covering much of the width of the road. Focused on the mission, Max and I drove around the hazard and continued on to Greenville. Enamored with a giant pineapple that was part of the litter and having an alleged desire to clear the road, Brent and Julia stopped. No good deed goes unpunished. The village idiot who was out walking his dog accused them of pilfering and took down Brent’s plate number. Fortunately, Max and I did not observe anything and will not have to testify in court. Extraditing Julia from Quebec for pilfering will be difficult so it looks like Brent is the only one on the hook. The trip began inauspiciously as I forgot to bring my share of the communal cookset and Max left some of his food behind. Intrepid lake trekkers, we adapted. The weather didn’t cooperate with the forecast. Instead of predicted light winds, we had a 10 the 12 MPH headwind with choppy waves to greet us. After parking our vehicles amidst an ATV party in a marijuana fog, we departed north hugging the west shore to avoid the worst of the strong winds. Turning Harford’s Point and landing on the southern tip of Moose Island for a break, we watched a tandem kayak team flip in waves near the point. Within two hours of our departure, we affected a boat rescue with Brent doing the yeoman’s share of the effort. I speculated that they had been early participants in the ATV party had mistakenly chosen the wrong vehicle. Expecting a very difficult four mile crossing from the north end of Moose Island to Deer Island, we were very pleased to find that the headwinds had diminished. Paddling through the channel between Deer Island and the west shore, we persisted on past a series of small islands to a Public Lands campsite on Masterman Island in Lamb Cove just south of Sand Bar Point. A fairly spacious campsite, we set up tarps in anticipation of forecasted rains. We weren’t disappointed. After steady rain through much of the night, Weather Underground predicted more of the same for the next two days with heavy rain the following night. Our original plan had been to complete the traverse in three days but we collectively agreed to skip a hike of Mount Kineo and attempt to finish our trip on day two to avoid more foul weather. The immediate forecast called for light rain and gentle winds out of the southwest. Passing west of spectacular Kineo and through the channel between the mountain and Farm Island, we had a surprisingly uneventful long crossing to Toe of the Boot. Continuing north along the west shore, the weather took a U-turn. Strong winds picked up from the east. With a four mile fetch, we had consistent three to four foot waves on the starboard side as we floundered north. Turning northwest into Northwest Cove, we ended our long day with a strong tailwind to the takeout. Another checkmark on my bucket list, we discussed the next adventure……..Lake Champlain!!! Stayed tuned. 
Report: Well this was an interesting trip to say the least. The day started off with a shocking surprise, MVP had taken over Webb's campground! We got over to the restaurant only to find out the shuttle was full. I heard a total of 87 between multiple vehicles, and many passengers ended up in the back of a pick up. This caused a real problem as some got on the shuttle and others did there own. Finally around 11:30 we had sorted things out and were on the water. Fortunately one of my biggest fears of getting bunched up with other groups did not become a reality. Somehow even though we had hundreds of people on the river that day every group seemed to find their own pace and did not cause any bottlenecks. All and all it was a fairly smooth day. The Rutka raft seemed to handle all the river threw at them, there was some good surfing by Brent, Ron, and Kenney. At some point there were two hybrid boats that evolved from a canoe and kayak combo. Somehow I think Kenney was to blame. We only lost one boater for about 10 minutes, as he got caught on a rock coming out of enchanted stream. Special thanks to Brent for catching that. We had one swim at lower poplar, but things were recovered quickly. Kudos to Tom Rutka for rescuing a winded kayaker on a long swim that belonged to another group. Thanks again for a great trip, and wonderful weekend in the Forks. 

 The forecast failed us. It was supposed to be sunny and humid. Instead, we had off and on rain showers and I got cold despite being overdressed. We had an eclectic group consisting of two canoes, six kayaks and a catamaran for the gorge and a disappearing canoe, tandem canoe, three kayaks and a catamaran for Carry Brook down. Peter showed up with a strange looking floating object that looked like something Evan Eichorn or Ryan Galway would paddle. The late, inimitable Grampy Kaiser called them canyaks. The TC had a pathetic surfing day catching the first wave on the river which was his last; probably indicative of his failing physical and mental condition. At Big Mama Rapid, the TC shared his cryptic, patented “keep an open boat dry until the very last second” line that worked for the guy in the interplanetary craft. Everything seemed fine during our run on Magic Falls Rapid. However, at the bottom, two people were missing. After waiting several minutes, we collectively decided to paddle downstream. Around the bend, everyone lost was found. Does a PPCS paddler swim if no member sees him? The answer is an emphatic, no! At Carry Brook, some of us waited for Peter to complete a boat swap, while others departed and Helen joined us. John disappeared without throwing us a parting kiss. The float out was uneventful but could have been a bit problematic. There is a strainer at the bottom of the creeky line on hard river right at the top of Black Brook Rapid. TC went there and says, “Don’t go there.” Do as I say not as I do. Overall, we had a great day and caught some rays of sun near the take out. *This person was not technically a participant on the trip as she didn’t arrive in time to sign the trip waiver. The stated reason was an article of pink of wearing apparel was not to be found. Although not officially on the trip, she handled herself well and caused no further problems. 
a river feature that forms just downstream of an obstruction. An eddy can form on the side of a river or immediately after a boulder in a river. The water in an eddy is flowing in the opposite direction from the rest of the river and can at times be swirling and violent.
